Stockwise Daily

Google Inc (GOOGL)¡¯s Glass Losing Support, Launch Date Pushed Back By Company

Warren Buffett's Best Picks

The latest innovative product from Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Google Glass, is already under the scanner with authorities and experts considering it as a privacy threat. Not only the authorities but also the early device users are losing interest in the device.
Sergey Brin, co-founder of Google Inc, was seen barefaced without Google Glasses that have been a regular part of his attire for over two years. Google Glass comprises of a camera, small computer screen (stamp-size), and processor mounted over a pair of glasses. The device has GPS-tracking, performance analyzer, Google Play music feature, and personal fitness tracker. The beta version of the device is available for $1,500 but Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) itself has pushed back the mass-market launch of the device. The company is doubtful about the mass-market need and interest in the device.
The latest survey among the app developers has revealed that most of them have abandoned the development process because of the limitations of the device and lack of customers. One of the leading game developer group¡¯s, Little Guy Games, CEO, Tom Frencel, said,

Not only the developers but also some of the core team members involved in the development of Google Glass have left the company.
Google Glass was one of the first products from Google X-Division, which pursues ambitious development projects including the self-driving car of the company. Chris O¡¯Neill, head of Google X-Division, is still enthusiastic about the product and says that the market launch is likely to take more time. The lack of a launch date for the product has kept the developers in doubt and further indicates that Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is still considering it as an experiment.
As a matter of fact, most of the startups targeting Google Glass are either already closed or switched to other projects lately. The much-acclaimed product from the search engine giant is certainly losing popularity among the developers and customers alike.
This article has been written by Prakash Pandey.
Google Inc (GOOGL) Under The Legal Scanner Again, Contractor Accused Company Of Overtime Violations
Google Inc (GOOGL)¡¯s Europe Antimonopoly Investigation Might Linger Around Longer As New EU Head Requires Time
Best Colleges to Find A Husband
Best Fast Food Franchises to Purchase
