Google Inc (GOOGL)¡¯s New 20,000 sq ft High-Tech Production Facility In New York To Improve Monetization

Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has loaded its guns and is going to arm its content business with all the fire power that it could possibly need. Torrence Boone, Google¡¯s managing director revealed on CNBC how the new space, which is a dream of any content maker, a lavish 22,000 sq ft office in New York embellished with all the gadgets content makers could imagine, is going to help Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) monetize better.

Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has found the business segment that could add even more in advertising revenues to the company¡¯s top line. By concentrating on the areas that have greatest potential for growth, Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has been able to maintain its dominant position in the market. The company already has a strong presence in the most trending gadgets category.
Boone also commented on how Google¡¯s content, especially through channels such as YouTube was previously generated. It was shabby to say the least. Content developers would use any space that they could find, which in most cases was their home.
The new space will not only dramatically improve the content quality which as Boone pointed out will result in better monetization as evidenced by the company¡¯s past experiences, but also inspire creativity and innovation in the content developers. Content developers will surely have a blast with their new toys.

Free Report: Warren Buffett and 12 Billionaires Are Crazy About These 7 Stocks
Let Warren Buffett, David Einhorn, George Soros, and David Tepper WORK FOR YOU. If you want to beat the low cost index funds by an average of 6 percentage points per year look no further than Warren Buffett¡¯s stock picks. That¡¯s the margin Buffett¡¯s stock picks outperformed the market since 2008. In this free report, Insider Monkey¡¯s market beating research team identified 7 stocks Warren Buffett and 12 other billionaires are crazy about. CLICK HERE NOW for all the details.
November 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
November 10th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
November 5th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 30th, 2014 - Hedge Funds Lists News - Comments
October 28th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 24th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
October 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 16th, 2014 - Lists - Comments
