Google Inc (GOOGL) Bids Farewell to the Online Payments For Digital Products

Seeing a giant like Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) concede defeat is perhaps as rare an occasion as sighting Halley¡¯s comet. I mean the company is making drones and tablets for diagnosing and curing cancers. What could possibly be beyond their reach? On CNBC Re/code¡¯s Kara Swisher discussed why Google Wallet is one such simple product that the company is not willing to reach out to anymore.

Traction was a major factor, according to Swisher, that has led to Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) rolling back its product. She also explained further the upheavals that Google Wallet was facing in terms of management issues.
It is important to understand that this doesn¡¯t mean that Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is exiting the mobile payments market. The tech giant is much? more shrewd than announcing a move like that, which would be similar to running down the edge of a cliff. The mobile payments market is too young for a move like that.
By mobile payments, I mean the NFC based payments and in app payments. These sort of transactions can still be carried out. However, online transactions involving digital products such as e-magazines etc. can no longer be completed using Google Wallet. PayPal will remain the uncrowned king in that sphere.

Free Report: Warren Buffett and 12 Billionaires Are Crazy About These 7 Stocks
Let Warren Buffett, David Einhorn, George Soros, and David Tepper WORK FOR YOU. If you want to beat the low cost index funds by an average of 6 percentage points per year look no further than Warren Buffett¡¯s stock picks. That¡¯s the margin Buffett¡¯s stock picks outperformed the market since 2008. In this free report, Insider Monkey¡¯s market beating research team identified 7 stocks Warren Buffett and 12 other billionaires are crazy about. CLICK HERE NOW for all the details.
November 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
November 10th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
November 5th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 30th, 2014 - Hedge Funds Lists News - Comments
October 28th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 24th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
October 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 16th, 2014 - Lists - Comments
