Google Inc (GOOGL) Partnering With Walt Disney Co (DIS) On Making Android Even More Renowed

Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) have been pulling the mobile market in two different directions. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is gaining some momentum, but it might take a while till it¡¯s an actual threat. It will be even harder to step on the leaders¡¯ tails as Bloomberg brought up the news that Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) has an app on Google Play.

Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android is already the most popular operating system, beating Windows due to the tremendous number of mobile devices spread across the world. According to sources, it has reached 83.6% market share among the operating systems for smartphones, it can be seen on practically any phone that is in the most popular list. So, it shouldn¡¯t be that much of a surprise that the bargaining power sided with Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) too. There¡¯s a lot of catching up to do in terms of marketing and popularity, because Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is undoubtedly a tough opponent. However, on the deal with Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS), the two heavyweights have just embraced each other and refuse to fight.
Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)¡¯s core activities go way beyond the borders of its app platform and the revenues will not feel that much of a push. Nevertheless, this was not meant to bump the tech colossus¡¯ price per share, rather inform Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)¡¯s customers of new features. Billionaire Stan Druckenmiller is a big Google fan.

Disclosure: none
Free Report: Warren Buffett and 12 Billionaires Are Crazy About These 7 Stocks
Let Warren Buffett, David Einhorn, George Soros, and David Tepper WORK FOR YOU. If you want to beat the low cost index funds by an average of 6 percentage points per year look no further than Warren Buffett¡¯s stock picks. That¡¯s the margin Buffett¡¯s stock picks outperformed the market since 2008. In this free report, Insider Monkey¡¯s market beating research team identified 7 stocks Warren Buffett and 12 other billionaires are crazy about. CLICK HERE NOW for all the details.
November 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
November 10th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
November 5th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 30th, 2014 - Hedge Funds Lists News - Comments
October 28th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 24th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
October 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 16th, 2014 - Lists - Comments
