Apple Inc, Google Inc: Tablet Growth in Low End


by James Vrionis ¡¤ November 16, 2014 08:28 AM PST
iPad Air Galaxy Tab S
When Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL)¡¯s iPad first came onto the consumer electronic scene, it offered the perfect niche for Internet users. The devices provided larger screens than smartphones, yet none of the bulkiness of even the lightest laptops. Tablets sales boomed, growing faster than even smartphones while decreasing sales of desktops and laptops over recent years.
Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) debuted its iPad model in 2010. At $499, the iPad allowed on-the-go entertainment for both children and adults. They became the must-have device for many families, singles and seniors, providing a simple device to surf the web, check email and play games. Samsung, Lenovo, Asus and others quickly came out with Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) Android versions, and the tablet market was flooded with devices in a variety of sizes and prices to suit every buyer¡¯s need. The proliferation of options quickly caused a drop in prices.
For now, the largest growth in the tablet market is coming from the sub-$250 category, as tablet devices priced above that threshold saw a year-over-year decline in shipments which is good news for Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) and it¡¯s Android vendors.
The popularity of tablets of all types helped to soften the blow of decreased desktop and laptop sales over recent years. While tablets have increased 15 percent in the third quarter of 2014 to 56 million units according to IDC, prices dropped 13 percent. Currently, about 40 percent of the American market owns a tablet. During it¡¯s last quarterly earnings,?Apple¡¯s management?mentioned that 50%¨C70% of the buyers are first time buyers. This indicates that people¡¯s love for iPads hasn¡¯t decreased.?The main reason for the decline in sales is that people hold on to iPads longer?than phones and the average use for the tablet of email and surfing the web has not driven upgrade cycles as quickly.
Tim Cook has reiterated multiple times he believes that stalls in Tablet sales are a blip in the overall radar and has pointed to the Enterprise as a source for juicing up Tablet Sales. Cook noted that while Apple has 76 percent market share in the commercial sector, tablets are still far less used inside businesses than laptops. ?One analyst predicts that more professional devices, like the rumored, Apple Ipad Pro 12.9-inch would help to stabilize prices going forward.

Tags: AAPLGOOG
28 Feb, 2014
27 Oct, 2014
12 Nov, 2014
More professional devices like a light laptop with enough battery are needed. Greasey fingers belong on devices that are too small for a keyboard because they fit in a pocket.
Follow:
InvestCorrectly.com ? 2014. All Rights Reserved.
