Bidness Etc: Home for Business & Financial News Analysis.

Google Inc¡¯s (GOOGL) Android Lollipop Launch Delayed, Possibly Due To Bug

Users have known about Google Inc¡¯s (GOOGL) latest operating system, Android 5.0 Lollipop, has been out for a while; so when the developers¡¯ preview version came out, many users installed it immediately on their Nexus devices. The official rollout was expected for early this month, but the launch of the much-awaited mobile operating system was delayed by a peculiar bug ¨C one that drains the battery quite rapidly while the WiFi is switched on.
Lollipop, like its predecessors, has a nifty feature that detects which program or hardware device the phone is using, and by how much it is impacting the battery life. In this case, the battery drain was reported under ¡°miscellaneous¡± battery drainage, and the issue was widely reported on the official Android development forum.
One user reported, "Another day, another time that Miscellaneous is the power user #1 - 61%. And again, 'Android?OS' and 'Android System' showing completely different stats. Seems like it's getting worse day by day."
As the discussion progressed to almost 800 individual posts, the potential source of the problem was narrowed down, and a few users managed to ascertain that the WiFi was creating the issue. A user reported, "This might help. I tried a whole day without WiFi on, just to see if something is different... and yes! Without the WiFi on, the draining problem vanished in a big part. The 'miscellaneous' is not there anymore."
It wasn¡¯t long after that one of Google¡¯s Android Senior developers, Trever John, acknowledged the problem on the forum and said, "This issue has been fixed in the latest builds, and this issue is now considered resolved. Thanks everyone." When a particular issue discussed on a forum is fixed, it is marked as such, which was the case with the particular bug as well.
The delay in its discovery and the fix could possibly have played a major role in the delay of the official launch of the operating system, and it might actually turn out to be a good thing for Google. This is because the removal of the bugs is often more important before the system is released, as it avoids embarrassing situations such as the one Apple Inc. (AAPL)?faced with its iOS 8, which was buggy; its first update was flawed as well, as it disabled the iPhone¡¯s Touch ID fingerprint scanner and calling ability.
You might also like this:
