Markets Wired

Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)?shares traded slightly lower after its ad-serving system reportedly crashed temporarily, affecting website publishers globally across their video, display and mobile ad inventories.?The Wall Street Journal said the mid-morning outage of Google¡¯s Doubleclick For Publisher system left many websites with blank spaces where their ads usually ran for nearly an hour. Google Inc. (GOOG)?blamed the problem on a software bug.?The Journal said publishers missed out on valuable ad revenue during the outage, but that a Google spokeswoman declined to comment whether the publishers would be reimbursed.?In afternoon trade, GOOG was off 0.52% to $547.44.
Stock?Overview
There are currently nineteen analysts that we track that cover the stock.? Of those nineteen, fifteen have a Buy rating, three have a hold rating and one has strong Buy rating. On a consensus basis this yields a score of 2.89 and a Buy.? The combined price objective of these covering analysts is $673.25, which represents a 23.65% upside difference to the last closing price.
The most recent analyst activity consisted of Susquehanna reiterating their Positive stance on the company.? Susquehanna has a price target of $660 which represents an upside of 21.21% from the last closing price.? On the date of the report, the stock closed at $544.49. Another research firm weighing in recently was RBC Capital who boosted their price target on the stock.? On September 29th RBC Capital boosted their price target on the stock from $650 to $730, or a 34% upside to the current price.? On the day of the report, GOOG shares closed at $576.36.
Company Profile
Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG), a technology company, builds products and provides services to organize the information. The company offers Google Search, which provides information online; Knowledge Graph that allows to search for things, people, or places, as well as builds systems that recognize speech and understand natural language; Google Now, which provides information to users when they need it; and Product Listing Ads that offer product image, price, and merchant information. It also provides AdWords, an auction-based advertising program; AdSense, which enables Websites that are part of the Google Network to deliver ads; Google Display, a display advertising network; DoubleClick Ad Exchange, a marketplace for the trading display ad space; and YouTube that offers video, interactive, and other ad formats
