Yahoo! Inc.¡¯s (NASDAQ:YHOO) Surplus Funds Going For Acquisition- Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Everyday Health Inc (NYSE:EVDY)

Posted by: Devon Leftovich 5 days ago
Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) [Detail Trend Report] is acquiring digital video advertising service BrightRoll for $640M in an attempt to increase its revenue after years of little or no development. The acquisition declared on Tuesday marks firm¡¯s first most important acquisition since collecting ?a $9.4 billion windfall in September by selling part of its stake in a quickly growing Internet star, Chinese e-commerce service Alibaba Group Ltd. Yahoo! Inc. has assured to allocate as a minimum one half of the $6.3 billion in after-tax returns to its investors, giving CEO Marissa Mayer the opportunity of spending the rest on attainments that could allow the Sunnyvale, California, firm to improve some of the ground that it has lost to competitors Google Inc. and Facebook Inc. in the flourishing online ad market. BrightRoll supports to place ads in digital videos.
Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) [Detail Trend Report] finally revealed its paid, ad-free Youtube music service on November 12, 2014 and it seems a lot more appealing than the firm¡¯s earlier music offerings. Dubbed Youtube Music Key, the new service will permit subscribers to use the YouTube phone application to watch music videos and listen to songs of their selecting deprived of any ads for a preliminary price of $7.99 per month. Google reported that the music preserves playing even if the subscriber changes to do something different on their phone or misses their Internet connection.
Everyday Health Inc (NYSE:EVDY) [Detail Trend Report] declared its financial results for the Q3 finalized in September 30, 2014 and the attainment of DoctorDirectory.com, Inc. For the Q3 finalized in September 30, 2014 the firm declared its total revenue was $42.3 million, a 21% growth from the previous year quarter. Revised EBITDA was $7.1 million, a 114% surge from the last year period. Net income on a non-GAAP basis was $2.6 million, versus non-GAAP net loss of $(3.3) million in the similar period a year ago. Earnings a share on a non-GAAP basic and diluted basis came in $0.08. Net loss on a GAAP basis was $(0.1) million, versus net loss of $(5.3) million in the similar quarter a year ago. Net loss per share on a GAAP basis was breakeven in the Q3 finalized in September 30, 2014.
11 hours ago
11 hours ago
14 hours ago
