Facebook Inc (FB), Twitter Inc (TWTR) And Google Inc (GOOGL) Stealing Away The Small Pleasures In Life

Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR)?and Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are taking it all away with both hands, scooping as much of the small pleasures in life that we took for granted. In an interview on Bloomberg, Tyler Brule, Editor in Chief and founder of Monocle, talked about how social media has changed the social norms and what lies ahead as technology becomes a more integral part of our lives.

We are at a point today where we discuss whether it is o.k. to send in a quick email or god forbid even use Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) or Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) during the official meetings. The time when people could enjoy the undivided attention of their audience even in an official meeting have perhaps passed us by. That is the cost that we have had to pay for the increased connectedness through social media platforms. While many HR managers opposed such activity during meetings, in a survey mentioned on Bloomberg, at least 25% said it was o.k. to answer the urgent emails.
Another interesting issue that was brought up in the discussion was the wearable technology. While Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) might be at the forefront of this area in terms of hardware, but if any such technology is to become an integral part of our lives, it has to manage our digital social life in some way. That is where Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) and Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) come in.
Imagine walking in to a restaurant and the menu appears on your latest eyewear by Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), complete with your list of connections on Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) or Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR), who might have some experience to share in connection with the restaurant. Won¡¯t you long to physically touch that menu card and appreciate the effort in design that the management put into it ever, in such an environment?
Brule talked about how we are connected to just feeling the paper, even though we might not fully realise it.

Free Report: Warren Buffett and 12 Billionaires Are Crazy About These 7 Stocks
Let Warren Buffett, David Einhorn, George Soros, and David Tepper WORK FOR YOU. If you want to beat the low cost index funds by an average of 6 percentage points per year look no further than Warren Buffett¡¯s stock picks. That¡¯s the margin Buffett¡¯s stock picks outperformed the market since 2008. In this free report, Insider Monkey¡¯s market beating research team identified 7 stocks Warren Buffett and 12 other billionaires are crazy about. CLICK HERE NOW for all the details.
November 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
November 10th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
November 5th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 30th, 2014 - Hedge Funds Lists News - Comments
October 28th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 24th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
October 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 16th, 2014 - Lists - Comments
