Google Inc. (GOOGL) Vs. Apple Inc. (AAPL): Android 5.0 Lollipop Vs iOS 8

The battle of supremacy in the operating systems platform does not get any better than between Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)¡¯s iOS 8 and Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)¡¯s Android 5.0 Lollipop. Android Lollipop according to Google, features a radical design overhaul since the first product was launched in 2008. IOS 8, on the other hand, does away with Steve Jobs skeuomorphism focusing on a minimalist flat design.

Design
When Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) launched iOS 7, it received massive praise after the incorporation of a clean, modern and refined design language. iOS 8 builds on this attributes adding more consistency as well as refining iconography featuring some smart designs for notifications, widgets as well as keyboard interaction. Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) on the other hand decided to stick with a material design that portrays more physicality than superficiality.
Android Lollipop 5.0 comes with physical rules on how buttons should react when pressed and how different UI layers should interact as well as how animations are triggered. Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) believes this attributes will go a long way in allowing users understand whatever will be happening on the background. The main difference in this case is that Android remains more design focused than iOS 8.
?Features
iOS 8 killed the irritating pop-ups with a discreet notification center that is actionable like Android with the addition of widgets. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) looks to have heed users outcry and now allows expanded users sharing essentially allowing users to access third party apps. iOS 8 has also surged ahead in terms of new features with the incorporation of HealthKit and Apple Pay.
Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL), on the other hand, has not incorporated new features like Apple on Android 5.0 Lollipop. Notifications, which have been a driving force for Android platforms now come with a new look with pull-down shortcuts and quick shortcut expands. Google has also refined multitasking capability of the upgraded platform with the App Switcher interface. Lollipop also does copy the Do Not Disturb mode from iOS.
The major difference between iOS 8 and Android Lollipop comes on the security front. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) users will unlock their devices using a TouchID whereas Android users will perform handset unlocking via automatic facial recognition.
Software Vs Hardware
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) revamped the iOS platform by adding a time mode, manual exposure control and enhanced photo editing capability when using the camera. Google carried out fewer changes only adding a provision that allows users to edit raw files.
Battery life
iOS 8 is more reliable and efficient on this front as it runs faster on weaker hardware while also draining less power when compared to Lollipop.
Bottom line
Both platforms are poised to be game changers in the devices they will be powering with iOS offering more flexibility and functionality than previous updates. Lollipop, on the other hand, comes with a class leading design with speeds able to match whatever Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) produces. You can also look at top 15 websites in the world.
Free Report: Warren Buffett and 12 Billionaires Are Crazy About These 7 Stocks Let Warren Buffett, David Einhorn, George Soros, and David Tepper WORK FOR YOU. If you want to beat the low cost index funds by an average of 6 percentage points per year look no further than Warren Buffett¡¯s stock picks. That¡¯s the margin Buffett¡¯s stock picks outperformed the market since 2008. In this free report, Insider Monkey¡¯s market beating research team identified 7 stocks Warren Buffett and 12 other billionaires are crazy about. CLICK HERE NOW for all the details.
November 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
November 10th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
November 5th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 30th, 2014 - Hedge Funds Lists News - Comments
October 28th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 24th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
October 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 16th, 2014 - Lists - Comments
