Facebook Inc (FB) To Eclipse LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) And Challenge Google Inc (GOOGL)

With an approximately 35.65% year to date bump in stock price, Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) decided to prey on its seemingly rival company LinkedIn Corp (NYSE:LNKD), which got knocked down almost 4.5% throughout the day, to a price close to $223.6. CNBC analyzed the prospects of this announcement including Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) in the picture as well, which is currently lurking in the shadow of the tech giants. It¡¯s not sure if Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) was motivated by desire for dominance or expansion as the company is already financially outperforming most of its peers.

Probably, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) has been biting its nails for a while as it was too cheap in making a serious offer to Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), back when the company was valued at little more than $1 billion. Then, the most renewed social network was 2 years young and now as we head towards its 11th anniversary since going live, the business has more than $206 billion in market capitalization. This current power will allow Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) to compete with other big players, not just LinkedIn Corp (NYSE:LNKD).
FT said that Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) will pose serious challenges to Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)¡¯s Drive and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) e-mail if this latest project gets operational. Privacy is said not to be an issue as the company¡¯s cultural shift towards data protection and encryption will ensure that personal information will not be hacked and, as stated above, private and business will not intermingle. Disclosure: none
Free Report: Warren Buffett and 12 Billionaires Are Crazy About These 7 Stocks
Let Warren Buffett, David Einhorn, George Soros, and David Tepper WORK FOR YOU. If you want to beat the low cost index funds by an average of 6 percentage points per year look no further than Warren Buffett¡¯s stock picks. That¡¯s the margin Buffett¡¯s stock picks outperformed the market since 2008. In this free report, Insider Monkey¡¯s market beating research team identified 7 stocks Warren Buffett and 12 other billionaires are crazy about. CLICK HERE NOW for all the details.
November 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
November 10th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
November 5th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 30th, 2014 - Hedge Funds Lists News - Comments
October 28th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 24th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
October 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 16th, 2014 - Lists - Comments
