Magic Leap¡¯s Cinematic Reality Score $542 million From Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Lead Group

Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is following Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) and Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE) into the virtual reality sector. Facebook acquired the Oculus rift VR company for $2 billion and Sony has started venturing into the technology by developing VR headsets for PS4 games. Google led group of investors decide to invest more than half a million dollars in a virtual reality startup, MagicLeap Inc. Lisa Allen reported about the story in ¡®The street¡¯.

Allen mentioned that the virtual reality technology has attracted many investments in 2014 and the latest inclusion is investment of $542 million by a Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) lead group on investors on Magic Leap Inc, a VR company.
She pointed out that Magic Leap is enigmatic about its product and they wanted to use the investment to revolutionize the way people learn, share and play. She added that the biggest clue about its product is on the company website, where a virtual small elephant is pictures as dancing inside the palms.
Magic Leap claims the product as proprietary human-computing interface technology and names the technology as ¡®Cinematic reality¡¯. Magic Leap was founded by Tech Entrepreneur, Rony Abovitz. ¡®The Deal¡¯ Senior Writer, Chris Nolter feels that investment in Magic Leap shows the electic approach of Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) in M&A. Other two recent acquisitions of Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) include thermostat developer NEST Labs and the satellite company Skybox Imaging, which is completely unrelated to the virtual reality technology.
The investment in virtual reality technology by Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is mostly a reaction to Facebook and Sony¡¯s initiatives in that sector.
Disclosure: None
Free Report: Warren Buffett and 12 Billionaires Are Crazy About These 7 Stocks
Let Warren Buffett, David Einhorn, George Soros, and David Tepper WORK FOR YOU. If you want to beat the low cost index funds by an average of 6 percentage points per year look no further than Warren Buffett¡¯s stock picks. That¡¯s the margin Buffett¡¯s stock picks outperformed the market since 2008. In this free report, Insider Monkey¡¯s market beating research team identified 7 stocks Warren Buffett and 12 other billionaires are crazy about. CLICK HERE NOW for all the details.
November 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
November 10th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
November 5th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 30th, 2014 - Hedge Funds Lists News - Comments
October 28th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 24th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
October 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 16th, 2014 - Lists - Comments
