Amazon Increasingly Duels Microsoft, Google in Cloud

Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) was once the default choice for companies that needed a cloud provider. Those days are over, as illustrated by the choice that telecom services firm Sigma Systems Canada Inc. made last year.
Rick Mallon, Sigma¡¯s vice president for product management and marketing in Toronto, said some of his company¡¯s developers used Amazon¡¯s Web Services while others selected Microsoft Corp.¡¯s Azure to rent computing power. Yet when Sigma decided to pick one provider in 2013, it went with Microsoft because it was cheaper and because the company was building more facilities globally.
¡°Technically, there¡¯s very little difference¡± between Amazon Web Services and other providers now, said Mallon.
Amazon faces more of these shifting customer loyalties this week at its annual re:Invent cloud conference in Las Vegas, where more than 13,500 partners and customers are congregating to learn how to get the most out of the cloud. That puts the onus on the Seattle-based company¡¯s top Web Services executives -- Senior Vice President Andy Jassy and Chief Technology Officer Werner Vogels -- to unveil new products to defend against rivals.
The cloud industry has become increasingly competitive this year, with Google Inc. and Microsoft slashing costs of their offerings and boosting cloud products. Earlier this month, Google said it was reducing the price of some cloud features -- including storage and networking options -- by 23 percent to 79 percent. Microsoft has also trimmed prices this year and last month said it was increasing cloud services with packages of hardware and software.
¡°We¡¯re committed to supporting the broadest set of operating systems, languages and services of any public cloud today,¡± said Andrea Carl, group manager of the Microsoft Cloud Platform. A Google representative declined to comment.
Amazon remains the dominant cloud provider, with a 27 percent share of the worldwide market for cloud infrastructure services, according to a report last month from Synergy Research Group Inc. Microsoft has around 10 percent, while International Business Machines Corp. has 7 percent.
Yet it will be ¡°a much closer race going into 2015,¡± said Madhavan Krishnan, a senior director at Westborough, Massachusetts-based technology consultancy Virtusa.
Amazon declined to be specific about what it will announce at re:Invent, which starts today and runs until Nov. 14. Ariel Kelman, vice president of worldwide marketing at Amazon Web Services, or AWS, said in an interview that the company has developer-focused announcements. He declined to comment on whether the company would announce price cuts, though Amazon has said it is willing to reduce prices as AWS¡¯s various divisions make their services cheaper to run.
Other companies will also unveil partnerships with Amazon at re:Invent. GitHub Inc., which helps companies build software, today released a version of its product that works with AWS.
Sales growth at AWS has been declining. AWS is categorized in Amazon¡¯s financial statements in ¡°North America, Other.¡± That grouping brought in $1.34 billion in the third quarter, up from $960 million a year ago. Yet sales growth fell to 39 percent from a year earlier, down from 57 percent a year before.
¡°Commodification is kind of washing at the foundations of what they do,¡± said Carl Brooks, an analyst with 451 Group.
Customers say Amazon, Microsoft and Google cloud services are increasingly indistinguishable. Vineet Jain, chief executive officer of Egnyte Inc., a cloud storage provider in Mountain View, California, said his company used its own software and its own data centers for many years but switched to Google¡¯s Compute cloud service last year because it was cheaper and faster.
¡°Amazon used to be the de facto leader because they had a head start, but not anymore,¡± said Jain.
Kevin Baille, co-founder of visual effects provider Atomic Fiction Inc., said his Oakland, California-based company also moved some computing infrastructure from Amazon to Google earlier this year because of cost. Google bills its machines on a minute-by-minute basis, so if Atomic Fiction only needs 17 minutes of computing power, that¡¯s all it pays for. Amazon charges in chunks of one hour, so Baille would pay for 60 minutes of usage even if his company only needed 17 minutes of work.
¡°What we needed was lots of raw compute, that¡¯s where Google is certainly giving huge competition to AWS,¡± said Baille.
To retain sophisticated customers, ¡°Amazon has to build more complementary services and focus on enterprises¡± rather than small and medium-size businesses, said Sharon Wagner, CEO of Tel Aviv, Israel-based Cloudyn Ltd., which helps people manage technology based in the Amazon and Google clouds.
To help build those extra services, Amazon will reveal technology around databases that will help developers reduce costs and get the most out of computing capacity, according to descriptions of technical sessions at the event. New technologies including containerization, a more efficient approach to managing software, may be discussed, according to Jeff Barr, AWS¡¯s chief evangelist.
Amazon has also rolled out more than 400 new features and services for AWS this year, up from 280 in 2013 and nearly 160 in 2012, said spokeswoman Kerri Catallozzi.
To contact the reporter on this story: Jack Clark in San Francisco at jclark185@bloomberg.net
To contact the editors responsible for this story: Pui-Wing Tam at ptam13@bloomberg.net James Callan
Bloomberg reserves the right to remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
