The Future of Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) Glass is Uncertain

Google Glass is a gadget that converts regular eyeglasses into a technology that can be used to watch movies. A $1,500 test version incorporates a computer screen the size of a stamp, a camera and a processor. The screen is mounted on the edge of the frame.
Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)¡¯s co-founder Sergey Brin had worn the Google Glass for two years to all high-profile events. However, this Sunday, he was discovered without the glasses at a red carpet event in Silicon Valley. He explained to the reporters that he had forgotten his glasses in the car, which is a bit odd because he has been discovered on the beach wearing the Google Glass as well.
The actual reason is that he, like many early users and developers, is losing interest in the eyeglasses. Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) have also reduced the production of the Google Glass and its roll out. Many of the developers believe that the Google Glass may have application in the industry but it has less potential of success as a consumer product.
Many of the developer have given up work on the project because of the limitations of the Glass and the lack of customer base. Some developers even shifted to making business projects instead of consumer products. However, the larger developers have not given up.
Tom Frencel, the CEO of Little Guy Games, believes that there is currently no market for Google Glass. His company was working on a game for the Google Glass, however, the development has halted. The game makers are now working on games for other platforms that include the Oculus Rift, a Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) owned goggles.
Many of the Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)¡¯s employees, who were working on Google Glass, have deserted the company over the past six months. ?These include the lead developer, Babak Parviz; the electrical engineer, Adrian Wong and the director of developer relations, Ossama Alami.
A funding consortium was created for the Google Glass by Google Ventures and Silicon Valley¡¯s venture capitalists. They deleted the website of the consortium quietly and routed all the visitors to the main website for the Google Glass.
Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) however is claiming that they are working on the Glass with hundreds of engineers. Tens of thousands of people are using the Google Glass as part of pilot consumer program. The company said that they are much energized to seize the opportunity presented by wearable glass technology.
Google Glass was the first project by Google X division. Google Glass and wearable devices constitute the new technology now. This technology will take a lot of time to develop into something that clicks with the consumers.
The company also says that they are strongly committed to launching Google Glass at consumer level. This will take time and so the mass launch will not occur until the device is absolutely ready. The most probable date will fall in 2015 of the release of the Google Glass as consumer product.
