Markets Wired

[Fortune]?Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)??plan for ¡°balloon-powered Internet for everyone¡± will expand its pilot test to Australia next month,?The Guardian?reported Monday.?During the trial, the company will fly 20 test balloons over Western Queensland in partnership with Australia¡¯s largest telecom company, Telstra. Telstra will supply base stations to communicate with the balloons, and the test balloons will beam down 4G-style Internet from over 60,000 ft. in the air.
The ultimate goal for Google¡¯s balloon-based Internet initiative, known as Project Loon, is to use high-altitude balloons to provide Internet access in rural or remote areas or during times of disaster, according to?Google.
There are currently nineteen analysts that we track that cover Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG).? Of those nineteen, fifteen have a Buy rating, three have a hold rating and one has strong Buy rating. On a consensus basis this yields a score of 2.89 and a Buy.? The combined price objective of these covering analysts is $673.25, which represents a 23.65% upside difference to the last closing price.
A?recent analyst activity consisted of Susquehanna reiterating their Positive stance on the company.? Susquehanna has a price target of $660 which represents an upside of 21.21% from the last closing price.? On the date of the report, the stock closed at $544.49.
Another research firm weighing in recently was RBC Capital who boosted their price target on the stock.? On September 29th RBC Capital boosted their price target on the stock from $650 to $730, or a 34% upside to the current price.? On the day of the report, GOOG shares closed at $576.36.
Company Profile
Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG), a technology company, builds products and provides services to organize the information. The company offers Google Search, which provides information online; Knowledge Graph that allows to search for things, people, or places, as well as builds systems that recognize speech and understand natural language; Google Now, which provides information to users when they need it; and Product Listing Ads that offer product image, price, and merchant information. It also provides AdWords, an auction-based advertising program; AdSense, which enables Websites that are part of the Google Network to deliver ads; Google Display, a display advertising network; DoubleClick Ad Exchange, a marketplace for the trading display ad space; and YouTube that offers video, interactive, and other ad formats.

