Did Google Give Up On Smartphone Hardware?

There is an interesting dichotomy in the smartphone world right now, as far as Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is concerned. On the one hand, Google maintains approximately 80% worldwide market share with its Android operating system. On the other, there are some signs that Google has given up on trying to sell attractive mainstream smartphones directly to the U.S. consumer.
Before I get into what those signs are, we need to provide a brief background of Google's history in the smartphone hardware business. Google launched the Nexus program in the early days of Android to provide a reference platform for various stakeholders, including developers.
The Nexus 4 was released in late 2012, the Nexus 5 in late 2013 and the Nexus 6 in late 2014. The Nexus 4 and 5 were made by LG and the Nexus 5 is made by Motorola, which was owned by Google but was acquired by Lenovo (OTCPK:LNVGY) in 2014.
In addition, to augment the Nexus program for those who wanted a de-facto Nexus experience, but with greater choice in hardware, Google launched the "Google Play Edition" (GPe) program in the summer of 2013. This meant that Android smartphone makers could offer devices for sale that had a "pure" Android software experience, just without the Nexus name. Samsung, Sony, Motorola and HTC quickly jumped on the GPe program and they became popular among Android enthusiasts and developers. Even LG offered a tablet under this program a few months ago. For Android developers and enthusiasts, it was the best of times!
This brings us to the present time. Google's efforts to provide us with solid choices for "clean" Android software on attractive smartphones appear to be crumbling before our eyes. I hope I am wrong, but this is the situation now:
Last month, Google launched the Nexus 6 smartphone in conjunction with Motorola. It is basically a blown-up Motorola X with a screen size of six inches instead of five. Yes, I know, it also has a higher screen resolution and some other tiny tweaks, but it is basically a huge version of one of the most popular high-end Android smartphones in the market today.
The Nexus 6 is basically Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) "iPhone 6 Plus" to the Motorola X, which is equivalent to the "regular" iPhone 6. The analogy doesn't get any closer than that.
Here is the predicament, however: What are sales of six-inch phones versus five-inch (or slightly smaller) screen phones? I think everyone would agree that five-inch (or smaller) phones outsell six-inch phones by an extremely wide margin.
The reason is simple: It is hard to handle a six-inch phone with one hand. It can easily slip out of your hand and it is hard to navigate when you're laying in bed and trying to hold it with one hand. It could literally fall on your face. Apple typically nails the physical form factor. Hence, the basic iPhone 6 has a 4.7 inch screen. Apple studied people's preferences and found that this is the sweet spot for a smartphone today.
There are of course those relatively few people who have a preference for a much larger device, hence the iPhone 6 Plus - but those people are in the distinct minority. As a smartphone maker, you lead with the five-inch (or smaller) phone, and you offer the six-inch phone in addition. Even Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) does this.
This brings us back to Google and its Nexus and GPe programs. In the last few months, Google ceased to offer all GPe smartphones made by Samsung and Sony (NYSE:SNE). For those who don't want a six-inch smartphone, but want Google's pure software experience, only three alternatives remain on Google's smartphone eCommerce site:
Nexus 5: This is last year's model, equipped with the Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) 800 processor. It is probably the most beloved Nexus device of all time, and for good reason. It hit the sweet spot in terms of form factor and nice rubbery feel that made it literally "stick" in the hand like a workman's tool.
The problem with the Nexus 5 is that while it is listed on the Google Play store for devices, it has been sold out for weeks. Mind you, the Nexus 5 comes in three colors and two storage sizes (16 and 32 gig). All six combinations have been sold out for weeks.
HTC One: This is the one remaining high-end GPe program smartphone. It is basically the Rolls Royce of five-inch Android smartphones because it is the only one that combines a SD storage card slot capable of taking a 64 gig card with the pure Android OS experience. It's somewhat expensive at $699, but it's the best of its kind for the Android connoisseur.
So what's the problem with the HTC One, GPe edition? It too isn't available. Sold out.
Motorola G: This is the previous version of Motorola's inexpensive bargain-basement smartphone. It came out in 2013 and was replaced with an updated model in 2014. But this is the old model!
Unlike the Nexus 5 and the HTC One, this one-year old previous-version of the Motorola G is actually in stock and available.
The problems with the Motorola G are, of course, two things:
I'm getting bombarded by Android enthusiasts asking me what's going on with Google's smartphone intentions these days. All they want is to buy a Nexus - or a Nexus-equivalent, such as a GPe phone - directly from Google, just like they've been doing for the last few years. And yeah, they don't want a phone that's so large it's hard and slippery to use with one hand, aka the six-inch Nexus 6.
In addition to those basic requests, they want an updated phone - not last year's Nexus 5, which admittedly was great and remains a very good phone. However, it has an old processor - Qualcomm 800 instead of the newest 801 or 805 models - and less RAM than those offered in the three gig flagships. Furthermore, they would like their high-end five-inch smartphone with an SD storage slot.
So let's review the sorry situation with Google selling phones directly to its developers and enthusiasts:
Nexus 6: Sold out, but in any case it's too big and doesn't have an SD slot.
Nexus 5: Sold out, but is one year old with an inferior CPU and no SD slot.
HTC One: Sold out, but otherwise fits the bill.
Motorola G: Not sold out (!), but is the lowest-end phone that's one generation old.
For the Android enthusiast, this is nothing short of a disaster. What are Google's intentions here? Are the "sold out" phones even coming back in stock? Obviously the Nexus 6 is, but what about the Nexus 5 and the HTC One, GPe version?
Android enthusiasts aren't asking for much. They're asking for a reasonably high-end smartphone with a screen no bigger than five inches, but with the latest CPU, a high amount of RAM and preferably an expandable SD card slot. That's all. It ought to be the sweet spot in Google's ability to compete among enthusiasts and developers against the supremely-improved iPhone 6 from Apple.
Yet, everything Google still has posted on its site is sold out and with no word if these somewhat outdated models are even coming back. With smartphones being the world's largest computing business now, as a Google shareholder, this is a worrisome situation. Is anyone minding the store at Google? Literally!
Disclosure: The author is long GOOGL, AAPL. The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. (More...)
Additional disclosure: At the time of submitting this article, the author was long GOOGL and AAPL. However, positions can change at any time.
We only use your contact details to reply to your request for more information. We do not sell the personal contact data you submit to anyone else.
