Google Inc (GOOGL) Found a $1 Billion New Home For Its Space Shuttles, Internet Balloons, Drones and Robots

When you hear Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), NASA hangar and a huge sum of money that the tech giant is set to dole out, space crafts is the first thing that comes to mind. This is followed by the thought of Elon Musk¡¯s Space X, and whether it might be facing competition even before private space transportation became a profitable reality. On Fox Business, the panelists discussed the motives behind Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)¡¯s nearly $1 billion payment to lease NASA¡¯s old hanger.

Enderle Group President, Rob Enderle seemed to have a different direction in mind with regards to where Google might be heading with its new premises rather than just space exploration.
Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)¡¯s Project Loon is also one such effort to bring internet to the millions where the infrastructure for such facility doesn¡¯t exist. Moreover, Enderle even saw Google¡¯s drones possibly finding a new home in this new facility as well.
Robotics is another field where Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) might be thinking of making major leaps and this new facility could come in handy in that regard too. After seeing the footage of Google¡¯s Atlas the question pops up in the viewer¡¯s mind if soldiers will soon be among the top jobs being replaced by robots.


Free Report: Warren Buffett and 12 Billionaires Are Crazy About These 7 Stocks
Let Warren Buffett, David Einhorn, George Soros, and David Tepper WORK FOR YOU. If you want to beat the low cost index funds by an average of 6 percentage points per year look no further than Warren Buffett¡¯s stock picks. That¡¯s the margin Buffett¡¯s stock picks outperformed the market since 2008. In this free report, Insider Monkey¡¯s market beating research team identified 7 stocks Warren Buffett and 12 other billionaires are crazy about. CLICK HERE NOW for all the details.
November 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
November 10th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
November 5th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 30th, 2014 - Hedge Funds Lists News - Comments
October 28th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 24th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
October 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 16th, 2014 - Lists - Comments
