Morgan Stanley (MS) Initiates Facebook Inc (FB) Coverage At ¡®OverWeight¡¯

Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) reported a strong third quarter earnings, with revenues, EPS, income and MAU¡¯s increasing year-over-year. In spite of a surpassing the street estimates, the share prices plunged down by more than 6% in after hours. This was mainly due to the fact that there was no surprise element in the earnings report of Facebook and the report had everything that was expected out of the company. Many people also casted doubt that if the company has potential to display growth of same magnitude in the coming quarters as well. FMHR traders discussed about Facebook Inc (FB) stock along with few other stock in CNBC.

Morgan Stanley Analysts have started their coverage on Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) stocks with ¡®overweight¡¯ rating to it. They have given ¡®equalweight¡¯ rating to Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR).
Fast Money Trader, Steve Weiss said that he completely agree with the ratings given by Morgan Stanley. He feels that Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) has good hold over the business. He thinks that Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB)¡¯s strong user base and user engagement makes it a good stock.
?Facebook¡¯s mobile based revenues have grown strongly in this quarter, which also shows the trend of people shifting to mobile. But Twitter¡¯s mobile app hasn¡¯t been as strong as the Facebook¡¯s app. Some analysts hope that this is just a patch for Twitter and they have the potential to generate bigger revenues.
Disclosure: None

Free Report: Warren Buffett and 12 Billionaires Are Crazy About These 7 Stocks
Let Warren Buffett, David Einhorn, George Soros, and David Tepper WORK FOR YOU. If you want to beat the low cost index funds by an average of 6 percentage points per year look no further than Warren Buffett¡¯s stock picks. That¡¯s the margin Buffett¡¯s stock picks outperformed the market since 2008. In this free report, Insider Monkey¡¯s market beating research team identified 7 stocks Warren Buffett and 12 other billionaires are crazy about. CLICK HERE NOW for all the details.
November 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
November 10th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
November 5th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 30th, 2014 - Hedge Funds Lists News - Comments
October 28th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 24th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
October 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 16th, 2014 - Lists - Comments
