Google Inc. (GOOGL) And Facebook Inc. (FB) Rattled By Airbus¡¯ Solar Powered Drone

Airbus has forged ahead Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) by developing a high-altitude solar powered drone that can perform the duties of a normal satellite at low cost. Named Zephyr, the drone can be used to deliver wireless services as opposed to relying on satellites and towers. Bloomberg¡¯s Sam Grobart reports that Zephyr is more than an aircraft but a high altitude pseudo satellite (HAPS).

Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) had earlier announced plans to use drones and aircraft light-balloons to transmit internet signals to remote areas where there is no coverage. The two tech companies are trying to tap into areas that have not been explored in the past in terms of business opportunities due to a deficiency on internet connection.
Airbus¡¯ Zephyr Technical Director Christopher Kelleher reiterates that Zephyr can perform all the duties of a normal $2 billion satellite but with so much closeness to the earth surface.
Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) may have to consider Airbus latest innovation as it is cost effective and flies without fuel providing coverage for a fraction of the price. The light aircraft comes with a light-weight carbon body that is covered with solar panels that are used to power smaller engines that keep the drone running day and night.
The lighter the aircraft the longer the batteries can last enabling the drone to stay for longer hours in the air. Zephyr engineers are constantly in the lookout for innovations and ideas that can make the aircraft lighter. Airbus plans to use the zephyr as a low-cost solution to providing internet connection to areas where conventional communication satellites have struggled.
Airbus remains unconcerned by incoming competition from Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) in the space, reiterating it will only strengthen innovation in the space.
Free Report: Warren Buffett and 12 Billionaires Are Crazy About These 7 Stocks
Let Warren Buffett, David Einhorn, George Soros, and David Tepper WORK FOR YOU. If you want to beat the low cost index funds by an average of 6 percentage points per year look no further than Warren Buffett¡¯s stock picks. That¡¯s the margin Buffett¡¯s stock picks outperformed the market since 2008. In this free report, Insider Monkey¡¯s market beating research team identified 7 stocks Warren Buffett and 12 other billionaires are crazy about. CLICK HERE NOW
November 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
November 10th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
November 5th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 30th, 2014 - Hedge Funds Lists News - Comments
October 28th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 24th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
October 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 16th, 2014 - Lists - Comments
