What Should Google¡¯s Mission Statement Be?

Menu
After 16 years in business, Google Inc (GOOG) has evolved from a simple Internet search engine ¡ª originally incorporated in a Menlo Park, California, garage ¡ª into one of the largest, most influential tech companies on the planet.
So it makes sense that the original Google mission statement might need to change.
Google co-founder and CEO Larry Page recently talked with Financial Times and said that its mission statement might need some updating. And sure, ¡°To organize the world¡¯s information and make it universally accessible and useful,¡± while undoubtedly still applicable, no longer encompasses all of the company¡¯s broad intentions.
But considering that Google¡¯s plethora of businesses is drastically different from its stated mission, the question at hand is, what should Google¡¯s new mission statement be?
In the FT interview, Page touched on the future of the company, and some of the avenues and industries that he feels are most important and relevant for the future ¡ª not just Google¡¯s future, but mankind¡¯s.
Page explained that his intentions include focus on ¡°the real breakthrough technologies that have the potential to make a difference to the lives of most people on earth.¡± For example, low-cost energy, robotics, healthcare, biotechnology, self-driving vehicles and nanotechnology are some of the areas into which Page plans to direct more of Google¡¯s cash resources.
A major recurring theme in many of Google¡¯s endeavors involves the use of robots or artificial intelligence to enhance our lives and make more efficient use of our time.
For example, Google¡¯s driverless car is more advanced than competing prototypes from big-name automakers like Ford (F), Nissan (NSANY) and Fiat Chrysler (FCAU). These companies are focusing their efforts on safely navigating highways, while Google recently announced that it is mastering city street driving. And it¡¯s possible that Google¡¯s driverless car offers benefits ¡°that could amount to trillions of dollars per year.¡±
Google is continuously investing in next-generation technology innovation and acquiring smaller companies that show significant promise. Considering the track record of both initiating and funding far-reaching, seemingly impossible science-fiction-type endeavors, the Google mission statement should reflect the company¡¯s current values and intentions.
But what, exactly, would sum it all up in a clear and concise manner?
While never an official part of Google¡¯s mission statement, Page and Sergey Brin, the company¡¯s other co-founder, included a letter to potential shareholders in its 2004 IPO prospectus that stated, ¡°Don¡¯t be evil.¡± The letter explained the founders¡¯ belief that both the company and its stockholders would be better served if short-term gains were foregone for longer-term goodwill.
Whether Google has remained true to its founders¡¯ principles is open for debate.
Next Page
Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2014/11/google-mission-statement/.
?2014 InvestorPlace Media, LLC
Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon.
About Us ??¡¤?? Press Center ??¡¤?? Resources ??¡¤?? Advisory Services ??¡¤?? Free Newsletter ??¡¤?? Free Reports ??¡¤?? Contact Us ??¡¤?? Advertise With Us ??¡¤?? Employment ??¡¤?? Privacy ??¡¤?? Terms and Conditions ??¡¤?? Disclosures and Disclaimers ??¡¤?? Media Sites
RSS ??¡¤?? Sitemap
More On InvestorPlace:
Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes.
Copyright ?2014 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 700 Indian Springs Drive, Lancaster, PA 17601.
