Wallstreet.org

Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Nexus 6 ¨C The Big Easy

WALLSTREET FREE INSTANT ACCESS

By David Townsend
Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has launched its much prized phablet, the Nexus 6. The initial customer demand, upon its arrival is very encouraging, and it has received several positive reviews from the critics, but there are a few that pointed to the negative aspects of the device. The phablet runs on Android 5.0 Lollipop and has a 6-inch screen that is being seen as being too big for a phablet. Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has previously been appreciated for its reasonable priced devices. With this phablet, however, the tech company has priced it a hefty $649, in decision with Motorola (NYSE:MSI). This will cost consumer a slightly less than what one would pay for an iPhone 6.
Nexus 6 is being coined as fast and smooth as compared to other devices, such as the Galaxy Note 4, which is known to freeze at times. Nexus 6 runs fast, as it has a dependable 3GB RAM and a Snapdragon 2.7GHz quad-core processor. The 3,220mAH battery can last all day, even after constant use. In addition to this, Motorola (NYSE:MSI) has added the turbo charger,? that charges the device up for another 6 hours with just 15 minutes of the device on the docks.
There might have been some negativity associated with the big screen size, some have welcomed it on a positive note. Hence, the device is a treat for those who appreciate bigger phones. The phablet provides access to notification on the basis of user set priority. Where, in various other tech devices, notifications appear on the drag down menu; Nexus 6 lists them on the lock screen as well. Hence users have a constant reminder of what is on the agenda. In addition, there is an Android enabled multitasking feature on the new phablet as well.
Some critics have downplayed the screen size and rendered it inconvenient and uncomfortable to work with. The device can¡¯t be held in one hand due to its chunky size, hence holding and working on it becomes harder than one would expect.
This may downplay the consumer interest in the Nexus 6, but one look at the crystal clear display might make them swoon. Motorola (NYSE:MSI) has left no bones unturned, when it came to creating a slim display that bedazzles. TechCrunch¡¯s Greg Kumparak reports that the phablet has a combination of significant features and has a lot to offer to its consumers, however, for him, the weak points draw more attention. He has rendered the Nexus 6 as being too big. This could sit well with some potential customers, others might see it as too cumbersome to use. Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) probably brought the big screen idea on the table with the thought of enhancing sales, however, this particular feature might end up causing more damage than repair.
Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Nexus 6 has a lot to offer in terms of faster processing time with smooth running and a beautiful display. The numbers on the charts will determine if it¡¯s a hit or a miss.
?
