Facebook Inc (FB), Google Inc (GOOGL) Calls On Users To Help Stop Ebola

Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) and Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are leveraging their companies¡¯ massive user bases in order to help those who are fighting Ebola in West Africa.
As pointed out by reports like this from NPR¡¯s Eleanor Klibanoff and as you may have already seen in your consoles on Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) and Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) services, both Silicon Valley giants are looking for donations for the Ebola cause.
Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) has been telling people that ¡°we can help stop Ebola¡±. I have also been asked by the social media juggernaut to ¡°support organizations¡± working to stop this dreaded disease by making a small donation.
According to Klibanoff, Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) is asking for donations for the International Medical Corps, Save the Children and the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies. Furthermore, Mark Zuckerberg, the gray-shirt-wearing Facebook co-founder and current top executive, has donated $25 million of his own money to fight Ebola, Klibanoff notes.

On the other hand, Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is also asking for donations. Klibanoff notes that donations to the search giant will be coursed through Network for Good which will then distribute the donations to Doctors Without Borders, the International Rescue Committee, Partners in Health and Save the Children.
Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) said that it will chip in two dollars for every dollar donated up to $2.5 million. Furthermore, the company¡¯s former CEO and now Chairman, Eric Schmidt, has donated $15 million for the cause.
Shareholders of Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), the owner of the world¡¯s most used social media platform, includes Philippe Laffont¡¯s Coatue Management which reported owning about 5.87 million shares in the company by the end of the first half of the year.
David Tepper¡¯s Appaloosa Management Lp reported owning 442,259 Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) shares by the end of the second quarter.
November 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
November 10th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
November 5th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 30th, 2014 - Hedge Funds Lists News - Comments
October 28th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 24th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
October 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 16th, 2014 - Lists - Comments
