Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Unveils Wireless Speaker to Compete Against Google Inc. (GOOGL) Voice

Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) is at it again this time around unveiling? a wireless speaker that behaves like a personal assistant and able to perform a variety of tasks. Echo is the device that Amazon hopes will compete against more established Siri, Cortana and Google Voice in the voice controlled landscape. Pcmag.com writer, Jill Duffy during an interview on CNBC aired her skepticism of the device being a success at homes where people require minimal assistance.

Echo is a Bluetooth speaker that can be instructed to stream music, search the cloud for answers as well as prompt users with reminders. Unlike Siri and Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Voice which are bundled on smartphones, Echo has been bundled inside a speaker allowing it to be more nimble. Echo stands at 9-inch tall with seven inbuilt microphones that are embedded at the top of the unit.
Echo has not yet been released to the market for testing, but Duffy expects it to be at par with Siri and Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Voice in terms if functionality and operation. The device might work well with other devices, but the biggest test for Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) according to Duffy is whether it will command the desired hype in terms of usage.
¡°This is like baby step toward connected home. I think the manual interaction of having to talk to the speaker is just not quite what we are thinking about and where we want to get with the connected home, ¡°said Mrs. Duffy
Popularizing Echo will be the biggest hurdle for Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) according CNBC¡¯s Dominic Chu as Amazon has flopped in the past in terms of fanfare with the likes of Fire Phone.
Free Report: Warren Buffett and 12 Billionaires Are Crazy About These 7 Stocks
Let Warren Buffett, David Einhorn, George Soros, and David Tepper WORK FOR YOU. If you want to beat the low cost index funds by an average of 6 percentage points per year look no further than Warren Buffett¡¯s stock picks. That¡¯s the margin Buffett¡¯s stock picks outperformed the market since 2008. In this free report, Insider Monkey¡¯s market beating research team identified 7 stocks Warren Buffett and 12 other billionaires are crazy about. CLICK HERE NOW
November 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
November 10th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
November 5th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 30th, 2014 - Hedge Funds Lists News - Comments
October 28th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 24th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 21st, 2014 - Hedge Funds News - Comments
October 17th, 2014 - Hedge Funds - Comments
October 16th, 2014 - Lists - Comments
