Google Is Undervalued And Should Be Bought

Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), as we know, is the dominant global player in online search. What many investors may not know is just how inexpensive the company's shares currently are.
Google stock currently sells for just 18.5x 2015 full-year earnings estimates. Earnings are projected to grow at +16% in 2015, and +16% annually for the next four years. Setting aside for now that Google is the global technology leader in the multi-decade mega-trend of online/mobile search, the company is currently undervalued considering its demonstrated ability to grow earnings and its substantial potential to grow earnings in the future.
The chart below is a concise look at Google earnings per share from 2010-2013 ($14.85, $18.05, $19.63, $22.22), with 2014 and 2015 projections ($25.88, $30.48). CNN.Money.com:
(click to enlarge)
The analyst community is bullish on Google shares. The 42 analysts offering 12-month price forecasts have a median target of $640 per share, a 17% increase from today's price. Five analysts give the stock an "outperform" rating, 25 a "buy" rating, and eight a "hold" rating.
(click to enlarge)
Google was founded in September 1998 and a year later the company was answering 3.5 million search queries a day. Today the number is +3.5 billion search queries a day. While the chart below only illustrates Google searches per year from 1999-2012, the overall trend is clear. Internetlivestats.com (some sources have the number of searches even higher):
(click to enlarge)
As of March 2014, Google controlled 67.5% of the US search market and 87.1% of the US mobile search market. This dominance is not exclusive to the US as the chart below illustrates. Google also is dominant in the global search market with 74% of impressions, 61% of clicks, and 86% of cost. Searchenginewatch.com:

The technology heavy Nasdaq index is currently trading near all-time highs. It would be understandable for an investor to want to wait for a pullback in the index before buying into Google.
While mobile search has resulted in increased search volume and earnings for Google in recent years, the trend has also resulted in lower "cost per click" (CPC) prices overall. CPC is a metric that measures the price paid for the number of times a visitor clicks on a search ad. So far mobile searches are worth less than desktop searches. The chart below illustrates the decline in CPC in recent years for Google.
(click to enlarge)
Google has proven itself to be a global technology leader in the multi-decade mega trend of online/mobiles search. Google stock is currently undervalued and presents a good investment opportunity and therefore should be bought.
Disclosure: The author is long GOOG. The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. (More...)
We only use your contact details to reply to your request for more information. We do not sell the personal contact data you submit to anyone else.
