Walt Disney Co (DIS) Gets Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Google Inc (GOOG) to Agree on Cross-Platform Compatibility for Digital Content

Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) has reportedly enjoined Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) in a deal that will allow the two tech companies to share rights of their digital content. The agreement will allow users who buy a Disney movie in either of the company¡¯s online stores to watch on their smartphones or tablets regardless of operating software running on the background.

People who register with the Disney Movies Anywhere app and buy a copy of ¡®Frozen¡¯ from Apple store will be able to watch it on a device running on Android or Apple TV through their iTunes library. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has over the years stayed clear of cross-platform compatibility only allowing content bought on its store to run on iOS devices shunning any content bought from Google store. Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) had also initiated a similar restriction as the companies sought to popularize their online stores.

Disney Movies Anywhere was only compatible with Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)¡¯s iTunes having been launched in February, but a version of the app for Android devices has now been launched.

The latest agreement goes a long way in allowing users to buy whichever content they wish to buy without having to worry that their libraries will become null with a switch to hardware. Under the agreed deal, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are to pay Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) a wholesale rate for each copy of a film sold on their online stores.

The agreement will essentially allow people to build their digital movies collection without having to worry about cross-platform incompatibility. Disney and Apple have over the years enjoyed close ties as Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) CEO, Robert Iger, is part of Apple¡¯s board. With Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Google now on board, Disney Movies Anywhere will now be able to work with retailers that control more than two-thirds go the entire digital movies landscape.

Even though Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) produces fewer movies than other studios, it is still a powerhouse in the home video market because of its family-entertainment titles that are usually purchased for kids.


