aa,PR Newswire,20080116,9:25,332237
                              556 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     January 16, 2008 Wednesday 2:25 PM GMT



Using HR Performance Metrics to Drive Costs Down Across HR Functions



LENGTH: 459 words



DATELINE: CHAPEL HILL, N.C. Jan. 16





CHAPEL HILL, N.C., Jan. 16 /PRNewswire/ -- Human Resources manages many of an

organization's biggest cost drivers and most critical functions. By creating

efficiencies across areas such as medical services or workers compensation, an

effective HR group can add value not only to an organization's work force but

also its bottom line.



To help executives and managers evaluate the effectiveness of their key HR

functions, benchmarking leader Best Practices LLC has published a comprehensive

report that delivers more than 300 metrics across six functions: Staffing,

Benefits, Relocation, LOA/FMLA, Workers Compensation and Medical Services.



To review a complimentary excerpt and sample metrics of "HR Resourcing

Excellence Series," go to http://www3.best-in-class.com/rr899.htm . Some of the

findings of the 350-page report include:



  -- Staffing Costs: A significant number of participants reported staffing

     personnel are professionally credentialed (up to 65 percent) and span

     of control (ratio of managers to non-managers) ranged from 1:4 to 1:7.

  -- Domestic Relocation: Approximately one third of benchmarked companies

     provide home location housing support such as home sale assistance,

     home purchase or general real estate assistance.

  -- Medical Services: Benchmarked companies spend an average of $126 for

     medical services administration per employee supported.







Data was collected from surveys and interviews with HR professionals at 78

companies including: Abbott Labs, ALCOA, American Express, AT&T, Bank of

America, Boeing, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Caterpillar, Cisco Systems, Convergys,

DaimlerChrysler, Dell, Dow Chemical, DuPont, Fujifilm, General Electric, General

Motors, Intel, Kraft Foods, Microsoft, Motorola, Pfizer, Texas Instruments,

Toyota and more.



To view more metrics from this report, go to

http://www3.best-in-class.com/rr899.htm .



The wealth of metrics across key HR function areas provides HR executives with a

detailed evaluation of service offerings, organizational structures, staffing

levels, functional costs, activities outsourced/shared and effectiveness

measures.



For questions or additional information on this report and other Best Practices,

LLC products and services, please call Cameron Tew at 919-767-9246 or email

ctew@best-in-class.com .



ABOUT BEST PRACTICES, LLC



Best Practices, LLC, conducts work based on the simple yet profound principle

that organizations can chart a course to superior economic performance by

studying the best business practices, operating tactics and winning strategies

of world-class companies.



CONTACT: Media, Kimberly Hardin, +1-919-767-9221,

 khardin@best-in-class.com



Web site: http://www.best-in-class.com/

 http://www3.best-in-class.com/rr899.htm



SOURCE Best Practices, LLC



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





