aa,PR Newswire US,20070622,20:00,332258
                              577 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       June 22, 2007 Friday 12:00 PM GMT



Destra Consulting Group(R) Partner Travels to Brazil to Offer Expertise on

Implementation of Sustainable Business Practices



LENGTH: 432 words



DATELINE: BOULDER, Colo. June 22





BOULDER, Colo., June 22  /PRNewswire/ -- Destra Consulting Group, an

organization effectiveness firm specializing in Change Management and

Operational Excellence is proud to announce that Destra Partner David Hannegan,

Ph.D., traveled to Sao Paulo, Brazil as a guest of REVER, a consulting group

specializing in sustainable business practices.  David was the guest speaker for

several events, including a meeting of the GLN (Global Leadership Network)

Brazil members, and shared Destra's experience on the key elements of successful

implementation as applied to Sustainability initiatives.  Research shows that

70% of implementation efforts fail, and his talk focused on ways to "Beat the

Odds" and ensure successful deployment.



REVER is associated with the Global Leadership Network (

http://www.globalleadershipnetwork.org/ ) and the non-governmental organization

AccountAbility ( http://www.accountability21.net/ ), and is leading a network of

Brazilian companies, such as VIVO, Banco Santander and Alcoa in an innovative,

structured process to integrate sustainability efforts into the company's

business strategy. The GLN was founded by IBM and nine other global companies in

collaboration with The Center for Corporate Citizenship at Boston College and

AccountAbility and has regional networks in various parts of the world,

including Brazil, China, Australia and Europe. It is a leadership, learning and

benchmarking network of leading companies working together to embed responsible

business practices into their operations. REVER utilizes an assessment framework

created by the GLN that helps a company align key sustainability drivers with

its core business strategy to ensure performance excellence in corporate

citizenship.



Destra Consulting Group is an international organizational effectiveness firm

that has worked with Fortune 500 companies, start-ups, and governmental and

educational bodies since 1985. Destra has deployed successful Six Sigma, Change

Management, and Transformation initiatives worldwide in a variety of industries.

Destra differentiates itself by taking a collaborative approach with clients and

building their internal capacity to fuel and sustain long-term success.



You can contact Destra at 303-444-9619, click on  press@destraconsulting.com

for more information, or visit  http://www.destraconsulting.com/ .



CONTACT:  David Hannegan of Destra Consulting Group, +1-303-444-9619,

 press@destraconsulting.com



Web site:   http://www.destraconsulting.com/

 http://www.globalleadershipnetwork.org/

 http://www.accountability21.net/



SOURCE Destra Consulting Group



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





