aa,PR Newswire,20120806,10:39,331742
                              61 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       August 6, 2012 Monday 10:39 AM EST



The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights:Macy's, J. C. Penney, Dillard's, Saks and

Alcoa



LENGTH: 1199 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, Aug. 6, 2012





Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day

the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting

stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include

Macy's Inc. (NYSE: M ), J. C. Penney Company Inc. (NYSE: JCP ), Dillard's Inc.

(NYSE: DDS ), Saks Incorporated (NYSE: SKS ) and Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA ).



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO )



Get the most recent insight from Zacks Equity Research with the free Profit from

the Pros newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5513



Here are highlights from Friday's Analyst Blog:



Macy's Keeps Up Momentum



Macy's Inc. (NYSE: M ), one of the leading department store retailers in the

U.S., posted strong comparable-store sales (comps) for the four-week period

ended July 28, 2012, much better than analysts' expectations. The increase in

comps was attributable to continued strength in its online business.



Same-store sales improved 4.1% year over year for the month of July. The company

stated that total sales of $1.69 billion for the month of July 2012 reflected an

increase of 5.1% from $1.61 billion in the comparable prior-year period.



In spite of the macro-economic headwinds and a temporary suspension in sales due

to restoration of flagship stores in New York City, the company continued to

perform well in the first half of 2012, reflecting healthy sales in the month of

July. Moreover, Macy's met management's expectations for the spring season.



Year-to-date, Macy's sales jumped 3.7% to $12.3 billion compared with $11.8

billion in the same period last year. Macy's same-store sales also increased

3.7% year-to-date.



Online sales, which include sales from macys.com and bloomingdales.com,

continued to grow at a rapid pace, surging 35.1% in July. On a year-to-date

basis, online sales shot up 34.8% from the comparable period last year. The

company seeks to expand both Macy's and Bloomingdale's brands online.



Macy's total sales grew 3% to $6.1 billion in the second-quarter 2012 from $5.9

billion in the prior-year period, while same-store sales climbed 3%. Online

sales during the quarter soared 36.1%. The company currently operates

approximately 840 department stores in 45 states, the District of Columbia, Guam

and Puerto Rico.



To Conclude



Macy's department stores sell a wide range of merchandise. Its products include

men's, women's, and children's apparel. It also deals with accessories,

cosmetics, home furnishings and other consumer goods.



The company has been taking a number of initiatives in order to increase its

sales, profitability and cash flows. These steps include integration of

operations, consolidation of divisions as well as developing e-commerce business

and online order fulfillment centers.



We remain optimistic about the company's customer-centric localization

initiative called "My Macy's." The program aims at improving comparable-store

sales and reducing operating expenses, with stores and merchandise assortments

focusing on local customer needs and preferences.



However, the company's expansion in regions where it already serves could

cannibalize its sales performance and bring down traffic counts at its existing

stores in these areas. Consequently, this may have a negative impact on the

company's overall performance.



Therefore, Macy's, which competes with J. C. Penney Company Inc. (NYSE: JCP ),

Dillard's Inc.(NYSE: DDS ) and Saks Incorporated (NYSE: SKS ), carries a Zacks

#3 Rank that translates into a short-term Hold rating. Moreover, we have a

long-term Neutral recommendation on the stock.



Alcoa Clinches Drill Pipe Contract



Aluminum heavyweight Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA ) has sealed a major contract from oil

and gas exploration company Pennsylvania General Energy ("PGE"). Under the pact,

the company will produce and supply 3,500 feet of aluminum alloy drill pipe to

PGE for gas drilling in the Marcellus Shale formation of Pennsylvania. PGE was

among the first companies to explore and drill a well in the region, in 2005.



Alcoa noted that its 4.5 inch drill pipe will extend the reach of the drilling

rig on natural gas well in the Marcellus Shale to roughly 7,500 feet, which is

1,000 feet deeper than commonly used steel drill pipe can penetrate without

using larger, more expensive rigs. The financial terms of the deal, however,

were undisclosed.



The novel drill pipe is a tapered, high-strength, aluminum alloy tube powered by

the company's proprietary thermal connection technology, which enables tool

joints to attach to the aluminum pipe. This increases the pipe's

strength-to-weight ratio and allows it to be used with steel pipe.



The drill pipe's high strength-to-weight ratio will enable PGE to drill deeper

with less energy and increase operating efficiency. The unique design and

construction of Alcoa's pipe makes it up to 50% lighter than conventional steel

pipe while maintaining the durability and strength of steel. The deal

underscores the growing traction of aluminum as a replacement for steel.



Want more from Zacks Equity Research? Subscribe to the free Profit from the Pros

newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5515 .



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded stocks.

Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest

analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today:

http://at.zacks.com/?id=5517



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leon Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in stock

market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his many

accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system; the

Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1 margin.

The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market insights

of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit

from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to

be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros

at http://at.zacks.com/?id=5518 .



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?re

f=ts



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Media Contact

Zacks Investment Research

800-767-3771 ext. 9339

support@zacks.com

http://www.zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



LOAD-DATE: August 07, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





