aa,PR Newswire,20120410,9:30,331786
                              105 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       April 10, 2012 Tuesday 9:30 AM EST



Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day Highlights: Aetna, Citi Trends, Alcoa, AOL and

Microsoft



LENGTH: 1161 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, April 10, 2012





Zacks Equity Research highlights Aetna Inc. as the Bull of the Day and Citi

Trends, Inc. (Nasdaq: CTRN) as the Bear of the Day. In addition, Zacks Equity

Research provides analysis on Alcoa ,AOL (NYSE: AOL) and Microsoft .



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



Full analysis of all these stocks is available at http://at.zacks.com/?id=2678.



Here is a synopsis of all five stocks:



Bull of the Day:



We reiterate our outperform rating on Aetna Inc. (NYSE: AET) prior to the

release of its first-quarter earnings scheduled on April 25, 2012, to reflect

its better-than-average operating fundamentals and expected strong performance

in 2012.



The company ended the year 2011 with better performances, demonstrating growth

in membership, revenues, operating margins and cash flow on the back of low

medical utilization, pricing discipline, medical cost management strategies and

cost controls. In 2011, the company made strategic investments in acquisitions

and technologies, with the intent to extend its core health business and also to

capitalize on exciting new consumer as well as provider opportunities emerging

in the marketplace.



Aetna's strong operating results and significant capital generation will allow

it to continue investing for the future. We expect the company to keep

performing better in 2012. The Zacks Consensus estimates earnings of $1.39 per

share for first quarter 2012, which translates into an expected earnings growth

of 10.5% year over year.



Bear of the Day:



Citi Trends, Inc.'s (Nasdaq: CTRN) falling comparable store sales, coupled with

rising cost of goods sold and operating expenses, battered fourth-quarter 2011

results. The company incurred a quarterly loss of $0.18 per share, falling

drastically from the year-ago quarter earnings of $0.64 per share. The results,

however, bettered the Zacks Consensus Estimate of a loss of $0.20 per share.



Further, due to uncertainty hovering around sales, given the global economic

unrest, the company decided not to provide any guidelines unless it finds any

near-term catalysts to drive sales. Intense competition from other retailers,

seasonal nature of business and risks associated with sourcing merchandise from

developing countries may further undermine the company's future growth

prospects.



Currently, we are maintaining a long-term Underperform recommendation on the

stock. Our target price of $10.00 is based on P/CF (price-to-cash flow) multiple

of 8.27x.



Latest Posts on the Zacks Analyst Blog:



Jobs & the Market: Weather or Not?



In the run-up to the March jobs report, a number of economic forecasters had

started wondering about the extent of temporary contribution from this year's

unusually warm winter. Even Ben Bernanke found the labor market strength of the

last few months difficult to reconcile with the relatively slow pace of

underlying economic improvement. We will know for sure only after we get the

April jobs numbers in about three week, but weather seems to be the most

plausible explanation for March's unexpected under-200K labor market reading.



The government's monthly household survey (the unemployment rate comes out of

this report) lists the number of people not at work because of weather. The

non-seasonally adjusted March reading showed an 82K drop on this count,

significantly below the historical level for this month. The same number for the

preceding three months was above trend compared to history, meaning that the

weather gains of the pre-March months likely got reversed in March. The

persistent downtrend in weekly jobless claims and other labor market indicators

over the last many months would argue against a fundamental weakness in

underlying momentum.



In corporate news, the first quarter earnings season gets underway unofficially

on Tuesday with Alcoa's (NYSE: AA) report, with aggregate earnings growth

expectations at their lowest level since the start of earnings recovery in 2009.

Barring unusual negative surprises, I would expect this earnings season to be

largely uneventful. Given the low hurdle rates as a result of subdued

expectations, the focus will be management guidance for the coming quarter,

particularly with how they see the Chinese and European situation impacting

their profitability.



In other news, shares of AOL (NYSE: AOL) will be in the spotlight today after

the company announced the sale of over 800 patents to Microsoft for $1.06

billion in cash.



Get the full analysis of all these stocks by going to

http://at.zacks.com/?id=2649.



About the Bull and Bear of the Day



Every day, the analysts at Zacks Equity Research select two stocks that are

likely to outperform (Bull) or underperform (Bear) the markets over the next 3-6

months.



About the Analyst Blog



Updated throughout every trading day, the Analyst Blog provides analysis from

Zacks Equity Research about the latest news and events impacting stocks and the

financial markets.



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous analyst coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded

stocks. Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest

analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today by

visiting http://at.zacks.com/?id=7158.



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leonard Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in

stock market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his

many accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system;

the Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1

margin. The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market

insights of Zacks Investment



Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit from the Pros. In

short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to be worth your

time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros at

http://at.zacks.com/?id=4582.



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?re

f=ts



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Media ContactZacks Investment Research800-767-3771 ext. 9339support@zacks.com

http://www.zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





