aa,PR Newswire,20100111,9:31,332014
                              333 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      January 11, 2010 Monday 9:31 AM EST



Seven Summits Research Releases Comments on Intel, Alcoa, Southwest Airlines,

Forest Laboratories and Briggs and Stratton



LENGTH: 417 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, Jan. 11





CHICAGO, Jan. 11 /PRNewswire/ -- Seven Summits Strategic Investments releases

its Stocks To Watch Guide.



The Seven Summits Strategic Investments Stocks To Watch Guide (go to:

http://www.iotogo.com/StocksToWatch) provides investors with essential

information on stocks that may be poised for a significant move. By featuring

hedged trades, this guide gives investors the tools they need to protect their

portfolios against uncertainty.



The following stocks are featured in the Stocks To Watch Guide: Intel

Corporation (Nasdaq: INTC), Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA), Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE:

LUV), Forest Laboratories Inc. (NYSE: FRX) and Briggs and Stratton Corp. (NYSE:

BGG).



"Our Stocks To Watch Guide goes above and beyond what other investment guides

provide investors. Along with brief concise stock data and analysis, they

provide useful information and tactics on how to ensure your investments are

protected with basic hedging techniques," says James V. Buloumn, Seven Summits

Analyst. "I would give this guide to my family and friends. This guide contains

information that can benefit both the expert and the novice when they are

considering potential portfolio changes."



The Stocks To Watch Guide is available to all investors at

http://www.InvestorsObserver.com/StocksToWatch. (Note: You may have to copy this

link into your browser then press the [ENTER] key.)



Seven Summits Investment Research is an independent investment research group,

which focuses on the U.S. equities and options markets. Our analytical tools,

screening techniques, rigorous research methods and committed staff provide

solid information to help our clients make the best possible investment

decisions. For more information go to www.SevenSummitsInvestmentResearch.com .

CRD# 137114



All stocks and options shown are examples only--not recommendations to buy or

sell. Our picks do not represent a positive or negative approach to any

security. Potential returns do not take into account expenses that affect your

actual investment returns such as trade size, brokerage commissions or taxes.

Stocks and options involve risk, thus they are not suitable for all investors.

Prior to buying or selling options, investors should request a copy of

Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options available from Catherine at

800-698-9101 or at http://www.cboe.com/Resources/Intro.aspx. Privacy policy

available upon request.



SOURCE Seven Summits Investment Research







CONTACT:Reid Stratton of Seven Summits Investment Research, +1-434-293-9100



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





