aa,PR Newswire US,20070508,14:26,332274
                              593 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                        May 8, 2007 Tuesday 6:26 PM GMT



JANA Partners LLC Calls on Alcoa's Board to Drop Alcan Bid and Pursue Strategic

Alternatives Including a Sale of the Company



LENGTH: 1327 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK May 8





NEW YORK, May 8  /PRNewswire/ -- JANA Partners LLC ("JANA"), a shareholder of

Alcoa Inc. ("Alcoa" or the "Company") (NYSE:AA), today called upon Alcoa's Board

of Directors to drop its efforts to acquire Alcan Inc. and to instead focus on

creating value for shareholders through an exploration of strategic

alternatives, including potentially a sale of Alcoa to one or more buyers.



In a letter sent today to Alcoa Chairman and CEO Alain J.P. Belda, JANA Managing

Partner Barry Rosenstein stated that, "Given Alcoa's long history of failing to

generate shareholder value through acquisitions, we believe that its greatest

value can be realized through a sale or break-up of the Company. Furthermore, we

believe that most new shareholders have been attracted to the Company's stock

for the same reason and not as the result of any confidence in management's

skill as acquirers.  By the same token, we assume that yesterday's rise in your

share price has more to do with speculation that Alcoa is a target than its

acquisition plans.  In short, we believe Alcoa should immediately cease its

ill-advised pursuit of Alcan and begin a review of all strategic alternatives to

maximize shareholder value, including a sale of the Company."



Mr. Rosenstein also questioned the timing and logic of yesterday's announcement

by Alcoa, stating that, "We believe that the Board has done its shareholders a

disservice by carefully designing its offer so as not to require the approval of

Alcoa's shareholders and announcing it only weeks after Alcoa's annual meeting

of shareholders, where shareholders could have voiced their displeasure.  In

fact, we agree with observers who have noted that the proposed acquisition

appears designed to ward off the unwanted advances of potential suitors for

Alcoa, which we believe runs directly counter to the wishes of your

shareholders."



Given what he called the historical underperformance of Alcoa's stock despite

the Company's development and acquisition of a collection of valuable assets,

Mr. Rosenstein went on to say that, "We believe a major transformational

acquisition is a particularly inappropriate sign-off to your tenure as Chairman

and CEO next year.  Moreover, a management team which has failed to generate

shareholder value through acquisitions should not be rewarding itself by

aggregating more such assets."  He also called Alcoa's failure to consider

whether a sale of the Company would create more value for shareholders before

deciding to make a hostile offer for Alcan, as conceded by management on a call

yesterday with analysts, "appalling".



Mr. Rosenstein concluded that, "For these reasons, we call on the Board to

abandon this misguided effort and pursue other strategic alternatives, including

potentially a sale of the Company to one or more buyers."



Background



JANA Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, is an investment

company with assets under management exceeding $7.5 billion with offices in New

York and San Francisco.  JANA holds the Company's common stock in various

accounts under its management and control.



ATTACHMENT:  FULL TEXT OF MAY 8, 2007 LETTER FROM JANA PARTNERS LLC TO ALCOA



                             CHAIRMAN AND CEO



   May 8, 2007



   Alain J.P. Belda

   Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

   Alcoa Inc.

   201 Isabella Street

   Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15212



   VIA FACSIMILE AND OVERNIGHT DELIVERY



   Dear Mr. Belda,







As a large shareholder of Alcoa Corporation ("Alcoa" or the "Company"), we were

shocked by yesterday's announcement that the Company will make a hostile offer

for Alcan Inc. at a large premium.  Given Alcoa's long history of failing to

generate shareholder value through acquisitions, we believe that its greatest

value can be realized through a sale or break-up of the Company. Furthermore, we

believe that most new shareholders have been attracted to the Company's stock

for the same reason and not as the result of any confidence in management's

skill as acquirers.  By the same token, we assume that yesterday's rise in your

share price has more to do with speculation that Alcoa is a target than its

acquisition plans.  In short, we believe Alcoa should immediately cease its

ill-advised pursuit of Alcan and begin a review of all strategic alternatives to

maximize shareholder value, including a sale of the Company.



Yesterday's announcement demonstrates in our opinion a blatant disregard on the

part of Alcoa's Board of Directors (the "Board") for its duty to pursue maximum

value for shareholders, particularly given what appears to be a concentrated

effort to stymie shareholder input on this matter.  We believe that the Board

has done its shareholders a disservice by carefully designing its offer so as

not to require the approval of Alcoa's shareholders and announcing it only weeks

after Alcoa's annual meeting of shareholders, where shareholders could have

voiced their displeasure.  In fact, we agree with observers who have noted that

the proposed acquisition appears designed to ward off the unwanted advances of

potential suitors for Alcoa, which we believe runs directly counter to the

wishes of your shareholders.



Alcoa's failure to generate value from past acquisitions is painfully clear.

For example, the Company's acquisition of Reynolds and Ivex failed to generate

returns above the Company's cost of capital, and now the Company is exploring

strategic alternatives for the packaging business developed through these

acquisitions.  Likewise, the Company's soft-alloy extrusion business, which was

also built in large part through acquisitions, has grown to generate over $2

billion in annual sales but generates little or no operating income and will

also be sold.  Most telling, despite these and other large acquisitions, the

Company's stock price has been stagnant.  From its high point in January 2001,

when you assumed the position of Chairman of the Board in addition to the CEO

role, through last Friday prior to the announcement, Alcoa's stock price has

been essentially flat, despite the occurrence of one of the biggest metals booms

in decades during this period.  We believe a major transformational acquisition

is a particularly inappropriate sign-off to your tenure as Chairman and CEO next

year.  Moreover, a management team which has failed to generate shareholder

value through acquisitions should not be rewarding itself by aggregating more

such assets.



We believe management's refusal on yesterday's call to share even the most basic

assumptions used to justify the proposed acquisition, such as the projected

price of aluminum used to determine whether the transaction would be accretive

to earnings, underscores the tenuous reasoning behind pursuing this transaction

rather than other strategic alternatives.  We are also highly skeptical that

Alcoa's underperforming management team can achieve the proposed $1 billion in

cost savings from the proposed transaction.  Moreover, we find it appalling

that, by your own admission on yesterday's call, the Board did not even consider

whether more value could be created for shareholders through a break-up of the

Company before deciding to pursue Alcan.



For these reasons, we call on the Board to abandon this misguided effort and

pursue other strategic alternatives, including potentially a sale of the Company

to one or more buyers.  We are confident that should the Board insist on

pursuing this acquisition rather than pursuing maximum value for its

shareholders through all possible means, Alcoa's shareholders will respond

forcefully at next year's annual meeting, including if necessary by replacing

members of Alcoa's Board of Directors.



  Sincerely,



   /s/ Barry Rosenstein                /s/ Jared Sturdivant



   Barry Rosenstein                    Jared Sturdivant

   JANA Partners LLC                   JANA Partners LLC

   Managing Partner                    Managing Director





   BR/CP/JS





CONTACT:  JANA Partners LLC, +1-212-692-7696



SOURCE JANA Partners LLC



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





