aa,PR Newswire,20080923,11:05,332161
                              480 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     September 23, 2008 Tuesday 3:05 PM GMT



Oracle Unveils Winners of 2008 'Empower the Green Enterprise' Awards;

Award Showcases Customer Successes Using Oracle Products to Support Green

Business Practices



LENGTH: 744 words



DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO Sept. 23





SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 23 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Oracle OpenWorld --



News Facts



-- Showcasing its customers' environmental leadership, Oracle today recognized

16 global customers and their respective partners with 'Empower the Green

Enterprise' awards.



-- The Oracle 'Empower the Green Enterprise' award recognizes customers from a

wide-range of industries that are using Oracle(R) Applications and technology

products to support green business practices and sustainability initiatives in

order to reduce environmental impact, costs and improve business efficiencies.



-- Recipients of the 2008 Oracle 'Empower the Green Enterprise' Award include:

Alcoa, Australian Vintage Limited, BT, Dell, Embry Riddle Aeronautical

University, Fiji Water, Ingersoll-Rand, Intercall, Interface, Motorola, National

Ignition Facility & Photon Service, Novartis International AG, PG&E, Standard

Parking, Sun and Supervalu.



-- The 16 winning companies were selected by a panel of seven judges, including

three sustainability experts: Cody Sisco, manager of Advisory Services at

Business for Social Responsibility (BSR); Daniel Esty, green thought leader and

co-author of Green to Gold; and Mike Sweeney, executive director of The Nature

Conservancy's California chapter.



-- Oracle's strategy is to deliver complete, integrated and end-to-end product

suites on an open, standards-based middleware and database architecture.

Oracle's approach helps customers to simplify computing environments, lower cost

and risk, and provides greater choice and flexibility.



Customers Benefit from Eco-Advantage



-- Oracle continues to deliver products and services that give organizations an

eco-advantage, enabling them to cut costs, reduce risks, drive revenues and

improve brand reputation by running lean and green.



-- Organizations can achieve an eco-advantage in various ways:



o Improving the efficiency of their organization -- the eco- efficiency -- by

cutting out waste, using resources productively and minimizing the carbon

footprint.



o Improving product and service designs so they're based on green processes,

such as minimizing waste by-products and designing for recycling -- or

eco-innovation.



o Gaining knowledge into the value chain so that the business can promote its

green brand and enhance and protect its overall brand -- or eco- transparency.



Supporting Quotes



-- "With climate change emerging as a critical issue, it is important that

leading technology vendors help their customers reduce their carbon footprints,"

said Dan Esty, Hillhouse Professor of Environmental Law and Policy at Yale

University. "Oracle's 'Empower the Green Enterprise' awards highlight the

company's focus on greenhouse gas emissions and environmental issues more

generally -- and show how organizations can leverage information technology for

eco-advantage."



-- "Global businesses recognize that environmental responsibility is good

business," said Oracle Chairman, Jeff Henley. "Whether green projects are driven

by an organization's desire to protect the environment, reduce costs, produce

eco-friendly goods to meet growing consumer demand, or comply with increasing

levels of government regulation, the results can be both good for the

environment and good for business. Oracle's 'Empower the Green Enterprise'

awards showcase the success of environmental IT initiatives and the tangible

business benefits our customers across the world are realizing by pursuing green

practices."



Supporting Resources



-- Oracle and the Environment (

http://www.oracle.com/corporate/community/environment/index.html )



-- Oracle Applications for Environmental Sustainability (

http://www.oracle.com/applications/green/green-applications.html )



-- Oracle and the Eco-Advantage (

http://www.oracle.com/applications/green/eco-advantage.html )



-- Oracle Solutions for Empowering the Green Enterprise (

http://www.oracle.com/applications/green/index.html )



About Oracle



Oracle(NASDAQ:ORCL)is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more

information about Oracle, please visit our Web site at http://www.oracle.com/ .



Trademark



Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates.

Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20020718/ORCLLOGO )



CONTACT: Kimberly Pineda, +1-650-506-8831, kimberly.pineda@oracle.com ,

or Jessica Moore, +1-650-506-8741, jessica.moore@oracle.com , both of Oracle



Web site: http://www.oracle.com/



SOURCE Oracle Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





