aa,PR Newswire,20081008,13:00,332157
                              476 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     October 8, 2008 Wednesday 5:00 PM GMT



Joe Gorman, Former TRW Chairman and CEO, Joins Whoop Board



LENGTH: 408 words



DATELINE: ATLANTA Oct. 8





ATLANTA, Oct. 8 /PRNewswire/ -- Whoop, Inc. announced today the addition of

Joseph T. Gorman as a member of the Whoop board of directors. Mr. Gorman is

retired chairman and CEO of TRW Inc. and served as a member of Procter &

Gamble's board for 14 years.



"Every now and then a business opportunity crosses my desk that stands out,"

said Gorman. "When Whoop hit my desk, it jumped out at me. I immediately saw a

huge market, solid and scalable technology, a clear vision and a proven

management team. I'm delighted to join the board, invest in Whoop and help build

the company."



"When an experienced business executive and savvy investor like Joe Gorman joins

your board and invests in your company, it's more than a good sign -- it's an

endorsement of the highest kind," said Mark Morel, Chairman and CEO of Whoop.

"We welcome him to our board and look forward to his counsel."



Mr. Gorman is a current director of Alcoa Inc., National City Corporation and

Imperial Chemical Industries plc. He serves on the boards of the U.S.-China

Business Council and The Prince of Wales, International Business Leaders Forum.

He received Japan's Prime Minister's Trade Award in 1994 for helping improve

U.S.-Japanese trade relations. He was a trustee of the Malcolm Baldridge

National Quality Award Foundation and the Committee for Economic Development,

and served as co-chairman of The Business Roundtable. He is a member of the

President's Export Council, the Council on Foreign Relations, the President's

Advisory Group of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, The Business Roundtable's Policy

and Planning committees and the National Bureau of Economic Research. Mr. Gorman

is a founding member of the Ohio Governor's Education Management Council and is

a trustee of the New Ohio Institute. Mr. Gorman graduated from Kent State

University and has a doctoral degree from Yale Law School.



About Whoop. Delivered via a Web-based platform, Whoop makes it easy for

everyone to create, publish and share text, mobile content or rich media to

virtually every mobile device. Customers include large and mid-tier companies,

publishers, ad agencies, PR firms, interactive studios and direct marketing

agencies. Whoop has operations in the U.S., Europe and South America. For more

information, call +1-877-88Whoop or visit http://www.whoopmobile.com/ .



CONTACT: Lauren Las of Whoop, Inc., +1-815-353-9484,

 llas@whoopmobile.com



Web site:  http://www.whoopmobile.com/



SOURCE Whoop, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





