aa,PR Newswire US,20060912,7:45,332357
                              676 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                    September 12, 2006 Tuesday 11:45 AM GMT



Snowbird Capital Provides $2.4 Million in Mezz Debt to California-Based Fleet

Management Solutions;

Funds to Assist All-Satellite Mobile Asset Tracking Firm Continue International

Expansion; Deal Features Reversible Warrants(R)



LENGTH: 743 words



DATELINE: RESTON, Va. Sept. 12





RESTON, Va., Sept. 12  /PRNewswire/ -- Snowbird Capital (

http://www.snowbirdcapital.com/ ), a provider of mezzanine financing, today

announced it has completed a $2.4 million deal with San Luis Obispo, CA-based

Fleet Management Solutions (FMS), a company specializing in assisting clients

better manage mobile assets and inventory through use of global satellite

transmissions and GPS technologies.



The deal includes Snowbird's Reversible Warrants(R) that allow FMS to reverse

out a significant portion of the equity granted to Snowbird in the financing if

it meets expected performance metrics.  FMS plans to use the funds as working

capital to expand further into international markets.



Unlike mobile tracking solutions that rely on cellular coverage to track assets,

FMS leverages a global network of satellites for uninterrupted coverage and

communications -- particularly in remote parts of the world, such as Central and

South America, Africa, the Middle East, Australia and Southeast Asia, where

tracking and remote management of fixed and mobile assets has been particularly

difficult.  Major clients of FMS include Halliburton, PGS Onshore, Pioneer

Natural Resources, Iraq Ministry of Oil, PEMEX, Alcoa, DHL, Exelon, Mastec,

Holland America, Johnson Controls, Goodwill Industries and the Department of

Defense.



Nelson Carbonell, President and Chairman of Snowbird Capital, said, "FMS has a

strong executive team, a proven business model and a product that addresses a

critical business need for these market segments -- especially in international

markets.  We firmly believe FMS is on track for continued success worldwide and

are pleased to have been selected to provide the additional financing that will

help meet or exceed its growth targets."



Cliff Henley, CEO, President and Founder of FMS, said, "In comparing Snowbird

with other capital providers, a few things stood out for us. Foremost, Snowbird

was sensitive to our concerns about equity dilution and, through its Reversible

Warrants(R), worked out a deal that will allow us to remain a tightly held

private company.  Secondly, Snowbird was responsive and worked quickly to

structure a deal that was favorable for both parties.  These factors, along with

the fact that they are entrepreneurs who understand corporate finance from the

perspective of a growing company, reinforced the decision to work together."



About Snowbird Capital



Snowbird Capital is a provider of mezzanine financing to companies seeking loans

of $1 million to $5 million for terms of up to seven years to be used for

acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, redemption of inactive owner, generational

transfer, product expansion or extension, geographic growth, recapitalization,

entrepreneur purchase of company, company privatization and/or growth capital.

Snowbird Capital's principals have parlayed their former entrepreneurial

experiences into offering innovative solutions for borrowers including the

Reversible Warrant(R) that allows business owners to minimize equity dilution.

For more information, visit Snowbird Capital at  http://www.snowbirdcapital.com/

.



About FMS



FMS utilizes the latest and most advanced technologies in GPS, wireless,

satellite and web-based productivity tools, manufacturing, marketing, deploying

and supporting the latest in wireless communication solutions for the oil and

gas, transportation, trailer and container tracking, heavy equipment,

marine/shipping industries, as well as government and military applications in

more than 40 countries.  FMS customizes new technology using a variety of

communications and navigation hardware -- along with innovative, proprietary

web-based tracking tools and data management solutions to easily enable the

location, tracking, reporting and management of fixed and mobile assets.  For

additional information visit FMS at  http://www.fmsgps.com/  or phone

1-805-787-0508.



  Media Contacts:

   Snowbird Capital

   Rob Gieser

   (703) 801-2394

 rgieser@comcast.net



   Fleet Management Solutions

   Sasha Dressler

   Director of Marketing

   (805) 787-0508

 sashad@fmsgps.com







This release was issued through eReleases(TM).  For more information, visit

http://www.ereleases.com/ .



CONTACT:  Snowbird Capital: Rob Gieser, +1-703-801-2394,

 rgieser@comcast.net ; Fleet Management Solutions: Sasha Dressler, Director of

Marketing, +1-805-787-0508,  sashad@fmsgps.com



Web site:   http://www.fmsgps.com/

 http://www.snowbirdcapital.com/



SOURCE Fleet Management Solutions



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





