aa,PR Newswire,20100721,13:00,331979
                              298 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      July 21, 2010 Wednesday 1:00 PM EST



David Blumenthal, HHS National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, to

Speak at Lucian Leape Institute Third Annual Forum & Gala on Sept. 16



LENGTH: 802 words



DATELINE: BOSTON, July 21





BOSTON, July 21 /PRNewswire/ -- The Lucian Leape Institute at the National

Patient Safety Foundation will host an interactive afternoon discussion and

special evening program at its Third Annual Forum & Gala on Thursday, September

16, 2010. David Blumenthal, M.D., M.P.P., will deliver a keynote address at the

dinner, offering his perspectives on health information technology as a patient

safety lever and the focus placed on its development by the Federal government.

Since March of 2009, Dr. Blumenthal has served in the US Department of Health

and Human Services as National Coordinator for Health Information Technology.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20080307/AQF053LOGO)



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20080307/AQF053LOGO)



Prior to his appointment, Dr. Blumenthal was most recently the director of the

Institute for Health Policy at the Massachusetts General Hospital/Partners

HealthCare System in Boston, and was the Samuel O. Their Professor of Medicine

and Professor of Health Care Policy at Harvard Medical School.



"Health information technology is a critical part of President Obama's strategy

to reform our health care system, and we're honored to have Dr. Blumenthal join

us to discuss his thoughts on harnessing the incredible potential of HIT to keep

patients safe," said Diane C. Pinakiewicz, MBA, President of the Lucian Leape

Institute and the National Patient Safety Foundation.



In addition to Ms. Pinakiewicz, Institute members include Lucian L. Leape, MD,

Chair of the Institute and Adjunct Professor of Health Policy at the Harvard

School of Public Health; Carolyn M. Clancy, MD, Director, Agency for Healthcare

Research and Quality; James B. Conway, MS, Senior Vice President, Institute for

Healthcare Improvement; Susan Edgman-Levitan, PA, Executive Director, John D.

Stoeckle Center for Primary Care Innovation, Massachusetts General Hospital;

James A. Guest, President, Consumers Union; Gary S. Kaplan, MD, Chairman & Chief

Executive Officer, Virginia Mason Medical Center; Julianne M. Morath, RN, Chief

Quality and Safety Officer, Vanderbilt University Medical Center; Dennis S.

O'Leary, MD, President Emeritus, The Joint Commission; Paul O'Neill, Former

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Alcoa, and 72nd Secretary of the US

Treasury; David M. Lawrence, MD, LLI Member Emeritus, Chairman and Chief

Executive Officer (retired), Kaiser Foundation Health Plan, Inc. and Kaiser

Foundation Hospitals; and Pamela A. Thompson, MS, RN, Immediate Past Chair, NPSF

Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer, American Organization of Nurse

Executives.



The September 16 event will include afternoon educational sessions led by

Institute members, who will offer insights into their work and seek attendee

reaction and input. Dialogue with attendees will also focus on HIT and its

implications for patient safety, in lead-up to the dinner presentation on this

topic. The LLI Forum & Gala afternoon session will take place from 1:30 p.m. to

4:30 p.m., and the reception and dinner from 6:00 p.m. to 9:30 p.m.



Registration details and more information are available at www.npsf.org. Those

interested in learning about opportunities to support the work of the Institute

should contact David Coletta at dcoletta@npsf.org or by phone at (617) 391-9908.



About the Lucian Leape Institute



The Lucian Leape Institute at the National Patient Safety Foundation,

established in 2007, is charged with defining strategic paths and calls to

action for the field of patient safety, offering vision and context for the many

efforts underway within health care, and providing the leverage necessary for

system-level change. Its members comprise national thought leaders with a common

interest in patient safety whose expertise and influence are brought to bear as

the Institute calls for the innovation necessary to expedite the work and create

significant, sustainable improvements in culture, process, and outcomes critical

to safer health care. The Institute challenges the system to address the

structural impediments to more expeditious and comprehensive adoption of patient

safety solutions.



About the National Patient Safety Foundation



The National Patient Safety Foundation has been diligently pursuing one mission

since its founding in 1997 - to improve the safety of the healthcare system for

the patients and families it serves. As the widely recognized voice of patient

safety, NPSF is unwavering in its determined and committed focus on uniting

disciplines and organizations across the continuum of care, championing a

collaborative, inclusive, multi-stakeholder approach. NPSF is an independent,

not-for-profit, 501(c)(3) organization.



SOURCE National Patient Safety Foundation







CONTACT:Caitlin Inglehart, +1-617-391-9922, cinglehart@gmail.com, for the

National Patient Safety Foundation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





