aa,PR Newswire,20080414,12:53,332210
                              529 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       April 14, 2008 Monday 4:53 PM GMT



2008 Proxy Voter Guide for Libertarian and Conservative Shareholders Released by

Free Enterprise Action Fund (Ticker: FEAOX)



LENGTH: 1992 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON April 14





WASHINGTON, April 14 /PRNewswire/ -- Concerns over corporate lobbying for

impending regulation of greenhouse gases dominate the 2008 Proxy Voting Guide

released today by Action Fund Management, the investment adviser to the Free

Enterprise Action Fund (Ticker: FEAOX), a publicly traded mutual fund.



As many publicly-owned corporations promote and lobby for a federally mandated

cap-and-trade regulatory scheme as their preferred method of reducing of

greenhouse gas emissions, AFM urges investors to ask corporate boards and

managers whether they have performed the requisite due diligence concerning how

mandatory controls of greenhouse gases may impact the U.S economy, corporate

earnings and the environment.



Economic analyses conducted by various government and private organizations

indicate that cap-and-trade strategies to reduce of carbon dioxide emissions

would:



  -- Increase electricity and gasoline prices;

  -- Reduce disposable income;

  -- Slow economic growth;

  -- Produce little environmental benefit;

  -- Increase government regulation;

  -- Limit consumer choice.







In light of the significant negative economic and social impacts anticipated to

result from global warming regulation, the FEAOX filed 14 shareholder proposals

challenging companies to justify that their actions with respect to global

warming and the environment are the best interest of shareholders.



The FEAOX calls on liberty- and financial-minded shareholders to join us and

vote "FOR" the following proposals:



-- ALCOA belongs to the U.S. Climate Action Partnership (USCAP), which is

lobbying for global warming regulation. While Alcoa hopes to get free carbon

credits for past reductions in greenhouse gases, Alcoa blamed disappointing

first-quarter 2008 earning on higher energy and environmental costs ? likely

outcomes from global warming regulations. Vote for "Item 3 - Shareholder

Proposal Global Warming Report" at Alcoa's annual meeting on May 8 in

Pittsburgh, PA.



-- BANK OF AMERICA has adopted Equator Principles, voluntary guidelines for

evaluating the environmental and social impacts of development projects,

particularly those related to energy, in the third world. We want to know

whether the Equator Principles actually produce improved environmental and

social outcomes or whether they lead to a pointless sacrifice of viable sources

of revenue and make Bank of America susceptible to reputational damage from

accusations of "greenwashing." Vote for "Item TBD" at Bank of America's annual

meeting on April 23 in Charlotte, NC.



-- CITIGROUP denied funding for as much as $100 billion or more in developing

world projects through its implementation of the Equator Principles. In exchange

for giving up revenue from such lending activities, we want to know whether the

Equator Principles have actually produced improved environmental and social

outcomes or whether they are simply an extremely expensive form of

"greenwashing." Vote for "Proposal 7 Equator Principles Report" at Citigroup's

annual meeting on April 22 in New York, NY.



-- CONOCOPHILLIPS belongs to the U.S. Climate Action Partnership (USCAP), which

is lobbying for global warming regulation. We want to know why an oil company

would support federal legislation that would reduce demand for, and stigmatize

its main product, all for speculative environmental gain. Vote for "TBD Global

Warming Report" at ConocoPhillips' annual meeting on May 14 in Houston, TX.



-- DUPONT belongs to the U.S. Climate Action Partnership (USCAP), which is

lobbying for global warming regulation. We want to know why a chemical company

would support federal legislation that would increase the costs of the large

amounts of energy it uses and the raw materials it consumes, and would harm its

customer base by reducing economic growth. Vote for "Item 5 Stockholder Proposal

on Global Warming Report" at Dupont's annual meeting on April 30 in Wilmington,

DE.



-- EXELON belongs to the U.S. Climate Action Partnership (USCAP), which is

lobbying for global warming regulation. While Exelon hopes that it will benefit

from global warming regulations due to its significant nuclear capacity, the

company admits in its 2007 annual report that it may incur costs by being forced

to reduce emission from its non-nuclear facilities and to pay for permits to

emit greenhouse gases. While we applaud Exelon's nuclear power capabilities, we

wonder why it would lobby for regulation that would make operations more

expensive and make its product more expensive for consumers without any

guarantees that global warming legislation will provide for increased

electricity generation from nuclear power. Vote for "Item 5 Stockholder Proposal

3: A Shareholder recommendation to Prepare a Report Showing That Exelon's

Actions to Reduce Global Warming Have Reduced Mean Global Temperature or Avoided

Disasters" at Exelon's annual meeting on April 29 in Chicago, IL.



-- EXXONMOBIL's annual shareholder meeting will feature 24 shareholder

proposals, most of which are from nuisance shareholders and activist investors

who wish to pressure the company on a variety of environmental, labor and social

issues. In the past, these nuisance shareholders have used such proposals to

pressure ExxonMobil to stop opposing global warming legislation. Our proposal

would compel management to modify the corporate by-laws to no longer permit

nuisance shareholders to submit shareholder proposals for consideration at the

annual meeting. Vote for "TBD" at ExxonMobil's annual meeting on TBD in TBD.



-- FORD MOTOR CO. belongs to the U.S. Climate Action Partnership (USCAP), which

is lobbying for global warming regulation. We want to know why an automobile

manufacturer would promote federal legislation that would increase the costs of

its products, reduce consumer choice and harm its customer base by reducing

economic growth. Vote for "Proposal 10 ? Global Warming Report" at Ford's annual

meeting on May 8 in Wilmington, DE.



-- FPL GROUP belongs to the U.S. Climate Action Partnership (USCAP), which is

lobbying for global warming regulation. FPL's support for global warming

alarmism has caused a backlash resulting in protests surrounding its

construction of a gas-fired power plant in South Florida. We want to know why a

power company would help foment a social environment that is hostile to the

generation of its primary product and would harm its customer base by reducing

economic growth and increasing electricity prices. Vote for "Proposal 10 ?

Global Warming Report" at FPL Group's annual meeting on May 23 in Juno Beach,

FL.



-- GENERAL ELECTRIC belongs to the U.S. Climate Action Partnership (USCAP),

which is lobbying for global warming regulation. While a small part of GE's

business involves alternative energy technologies like windmills, the company is

losing revenue from the cancellation of coal-fired power plants because of

global warming alarmism ? GE sells steam turbines to coal-based electricity

power plants. In addition, the vast majority of GE's business is dependent upon

the health and growth of the economy. As global warming regulation is widely

anticipated to adversely impact the national and global economy, we want to know

why GE is lobbying against its own earnings. Vote for "Shareholder Proposal No.

6 ? Global Warming Report" at GE's annual meeting on April 23 in Erie Pa.



-- GOLDMAN SACHS supports global warming regulation even though some of its

major clients are coal companies that would be most penalized by these

regulations. Given the company's past conflict-of-interest controversy involving

the Chilean land transactions and the widely recognized adverse economic

consequences of global warming regulation, we want to make sure that Goldman has

incorporated appropriate risk management assessments to its environmental

business strategies. Failure to fully assess these risks could expose the

company to legal liability and reputational harm and harm its customers. Vote

for "Item 5 ?Shareholder Proposal Requesting a Sustainability Report" at Goldman

Sachs' annual meeting on April 10 in New York, NY.



-- JPMORGAN CHASE issued in 2005 an environmental policy similar to that

demanded by the environmental activists, including a commitment to advocate a

restrictive national policy for greenhouse gas emissions. The company agreed to

settle various lawsuits, including Enron and WorldCom litigation, for billions

of dollars, despite claiming the Company had meritorious defenses to the

lawsuits. The Company spent at least $500 million in attorney's fees during

2004. We want to know why the Company has not issued a policy, similar in form

to its environmental policy, announcing the Company's commitment to advocate for

litigation reform that might reduce unmeritorious litigation that reduces

shareholder value. Vote for "Proposal 11 ? Lobbying Priorities Report" at

JPMorgan Chase's annual meeting on May 20 in New York, NY.



-- LEHMAN BROTHERS claims that it "is engaged in efforts to find environmentally

sustainable solutions and to develop market-based solutions in response to the

threat posed by climate change..." But it seems that management may be taking

action based on erroneous information about global warming. Management uses the

so-called "hockey stick" chart to support the notion that "the Earth's mean

temperature has risen sharply in recent decades." But the hockey stick graph was

scientifically discredited long before Lehman started referencing it.

Shareholders expect that management will undertake reasonable due diligence

before undertaking action with corporate assets as management action based on

erroneous information may not be "sustainable" for shareholders or the

environment. Vote for "Proposal 6 ? Stockholder Proposal Relating to an

Environmental Sustainability Report" at Lehman's annual meeting on April 15 in

New York, NY.



-- PEPSICO belongs to the U.S. Climate Action Partnership (USCAP), which is

lobbying for global warming regulation. But PepsiCo, the seller of the most

popular brand of bottle water, is already experiencing a backlash from global

warming alarmism. The mayor of San Francisco recently banned the purchase of

bottled water by the city government because plastic bottles sold to U.S.

consumers "require about 47 million gallons of oil, the equivalent of one

billion pounds of carbon dioxide that is released into the atmosphere." We want

to know why PepsiCo is part a group that is lobbying against its own products.

Vote for "Global Warming Report (Proxy Item No. 6)" at PepsiCo's annual meeting

on May 7 in Plano, TX.



By investing in the FEAOX ( http://www.feaox.com/ ), individuals can participate

in the effort to stop CEOs from putting politics before profits while having an

opportunity to earn a financial return through ownership of a large-cap mutual

fund. With a minimum investment of $2,500, individuals can join FEAOX's effort

to make CEOs justify their positions on global warming. FEAOX is available

exclusively through Foreside



Distribution Services L.P., (applications may be obtained at

http://www.feaox.com/how.html ), and through E*Trade Financial, Scottrade, TD

Ameritrade and HSBC.



An investor should consider the fund's investment objectives, risks, and charges

and expenses carefully before investing or sending money. This and other

important information about the Free Enterprise Action Fund can be found in the

fund's prospectus. To obtain a prospectus, please call 1-800-766-3960 or visit

http://www.feaox.com/ . Please read the prospectus carefully before investing.



Mutual fund investing involves risk, including loss of principal. The Free

Enterprise Action Fund is advised by Action Fund Management, LLC, which receives

a fee for its services, and is distributed by Foreside Distribution Services,

L.P., which is not affiliated with Action Fund Management, LLC.



CONTACT: Audrey Mullen, 1-703-548-1160, audrey@advocacyink.com , for Free

Enterprise Action Fund



Web Site: http://www.feaox.com/



SOURCE Free Enterprise Action Fund



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





