aa,U.S. Newswire,20080124,9:30,332234
                              553 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                     January 24, 2008 Thursday 9:30 AM EST



Pittsburgh: Ground Zero for Recession?



SECTION: CITY EDITORS



LENGTH: 490 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH,  Jan. 24





The December results are on top of November jobs growth statistics that have now

been revised downward.



In commentary also posted on www.pittsburghtoday.org, local economic development

specialist Harold Miller says that out of the top 40 metropolitan regions in the

country, Pittsburgh had the fourth worst job growth rate in December -- a 90

percent drop in growth locally compared to December 2006.



Asks Miller, "Is Pittsburgh ground zero for recession?"



The commentary from Miller comes as www.pittsburghtoday.org has had new features

added -- including a forum for analysis, commentary, links to regional blogs and

other editorial background -- that enhance the benchmarked data the group

collects and publishes online.



"We continue to work to make our Web site a relevant and compelling destination

for decision-makers in government, business, education and the arts throughout

the Pittsburgh region," said John G. Craig Jr., Indicators Initiative president.

"As we identify the need for new indicators, we look for relevant data to

gather, benchmark and now analyze."



Craig invited contributions as well as comment for publication on

www.pittsburghtoday.org, which also now features rotating photography and maps.

Craig said this feature underscores the Indicator Initiative's message that the

region is larger and more complex than is often appreciated by drawing on the

work of organizations that themselves are regional.



Photography for the site is being supplied by Pittsburgh Filmmakers, the

Riverlife Task Force, the Port of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh History & Landmarks

Foundation and Rivers of Steel National Heritage Area, among others.



ABOUT THE PITTSBURGH REGIONAL INDICATORS INITIATIVE



The Pittsburgh Regional Indicators Initiative seeks to give regional

decision-makers a more holistic and accurate understanding of the economic,

political and cultural interdependency of a broadly defined metropolitan

Pittsburgh region. The initiative tracks and publishes online detailed and

continuously updated statistics on key components -- called "indicators" -- of

the region's life: Arts, Demographics, Economy, Education, Environment,

Government, Health, Safety and Transportation. Data sets are benchmarked against

other metropolitan areas across the U.S.



The Indicators Initiative defines the metropolitan Pittsburgh region as the

twenty-two counties surrounding the city, including those in West Virginia and

Ohio. (www.pittsburghtoday.org/web/pittsburgh.jsp)



Founders of the Indicators Initiative include former U.S. Secretary of the

Treasury and retired Alcoa CEO Paul O'Neil and former Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

Executive Editor John G. Craig Jr.





    MEDIA CONTACT



    John Buckman

    Buckman Communications

    412.381.2900

    jbuckman@buckman.biz





SOURCE The Pittsburgh Regional Indicators Initiative







Contact: John Buckman of Buckman Communications, +1-412-381-2900,

jbuckman@buckman.biz, for The Pittsburgh Regional Indicators Initiative



LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





