aa,PR Newswire US,20070131,17:37,332319
                              638 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                    January 31, 2007 Wednesday 10:37 PM GMT



Vectren Board Elects Dr. Martin C. Jischke Director, Promotes Ellis S. Redd to

Human Resources Vice President



LENGTH: 567 words



DATELINE: EVANSVILLE, Ind. Jan. 31





EVANSVILLE, Ind., Jan. 31  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Vectren Corporation

Board of Directors announced Wednesday the election of Dr. Martin C. Jischke to

the company's Board of Directors, and the promotion of Ellis Redd to vice

president of human resources.



Jischke, president of Purdue University since 2000, begins service on the

Vectren board effective February 1. The prominent higher-education advocate

currently serves on President George W. Bush's Council of Advisors on Science

and Technology and is a member of the National Association of State Universities

and Land Grant Colleges Board of Directors. The Chicago native has been cited

with honorary doctoral degrees from a number of institutions including the

University of Evansville. The 2004 Justin Smith Morrill Award winner received

his bachelor's degree in physics with honors from the Illinois Institute of

Technology and earned his master's and doctoral degrees in aeronautics and

astronautics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He serves on the

Board of Directors of Wabash National Corporation and Duke Realty. Jischke and

his wife Patricia have two grown children.



Redd, a Martinsville, Virginia native, will immediately assume the position of

vice president of human resources. Redd previously served as vice president of

strategic sourcing and productivity at Vectren.  Formerly employed at Mead

Johnson Nutritionals and Alcoa, he received his B.S. in Industrial Engineering

from North Carolina A&T State University and an M.B.A. from Washington

University. He serves on the Advisory Board of the Indiana Business Diversity

Council, the Dunigan YMCA, St. Mary's Hospital Foundation Board, and the local

United Negro College Fund advisory group. The former member of the Evansville

Redevelopment Commission also serves as the chairman of the Supplier Diversity &

Development Committee of the Indiana Energy Association.



"We are very pleased to welcome Dr. Jischke to our board of directors. Whether

focusing on alternative energy sources or energy conservation, Dr. Jischke has

been instrumental in charting an interdisciplinary approach to finding solutions

to the nation's energy challenges.  His experience and leadership in the energy

industry will serve our shareholders well," said Vectren Chairman, President and

CEO Niel C. Ellerbrook. "Ellis will provide new leadership for our human

resources area. His strategic perspective combined with his diverse business

experiences will enable him to begin impacting our organization immediately."



About Vectren



Vectren Corporation (NYSE:VVC) is an energy holding company headquartered in

Evansville, Ind.  Vectren's energy delivery subsidiaries provide gas and/or

electricity to more than one million customers in adjoining service territories

that cover nearly two-thirds of Indiana and west central Ohio. Vectren's

nonutility subsidiaries and affiliates currently offer energy- related products

and services to customers throughout the Midwest and Southeast. These include

gas marketing and related services; coal production and sales; and energy

infrastructure services. To learn more about Vectren, visit

http://www.vectren.com/ .



CONTACT:  Media, Mike Roeder, +1-812-491-4143, or  mroeder@vectren.com , or

Investors, Steve Schein, +1-812-491-4209, or  sschein@vectren.com , both of

Vectren Corporation



Web site:   http://www.vectren.com/



SOURCE Vectren Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





