aa,PR Newswire,20110315,8:16,331927
                              246 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       March 15, 2011 Tuesday 8:16 AM EST



BNY Mellon Shareowner Services Appointed as Transfer Agent for Alcoa, Inc.



LENGTH: 545 words



DATELINE: JERSEY CITY, N.J., March 15, 2011





JERSEY CITY, N.J., March 15, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- BNY Mellon Shareowner Services

announced that it has been appointed as Transfer Agent for Alcoa, Inc. (NYSE:

AA), the world's leading producer of primary aluminum, fabricated aluminum and

alumina.



"We are honored to be named transfer agent for a company with Alcoa's reputation

for excellence," said Samir Pandiri, chief executive officer of BNY Mellon

Shareowner Services. "As a client-focused service provider, we're committed to

delivering high quality service to Alcoa and its shareholders."



Notes to editors:



Alcoa (NYSE: AA) is the world's leading producer of primary and fabricated

aluminum, as well as the world's largest miner of bauxite and refiner of

alumina. In addition to inventing the modern-day aluminum industry, Alcoa

innovation has been behind major milestones in the aerospace, automotive,

packaging, building and construction, commercial transportation, consumer

electronics and industrial markets over the past 120 years. Among the solutions

Alcoa markets are flat-rolled products, hard alloy extrusions, and forgings, as

well as Alcoa® wheels, fastening systems, precision and investment castings, and

building systems in addition to its expertise in other light metals such as

titanium and nickel-based super alloys. Sustainability is an integral part of

Alcoa's operating practices and the product design and engineering it provides

to customers. Alcoa has been a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for

nine consecutive years and approximately 75 percent of all of the aluminum ever

produced since 1888 is still in active use today. Alcoa employs approximately

59,000 people in 31 countries across the world. More information can be found at

www.alcoa.com.



BNY Mellon Shareowner Services is among the largest providers of stock transfer

services in the U.S. A world-class provider of corporate equity solutions for

more than 2,100 institutional clients representing 35 million shareowner

accounts worldwide, BNY Mellon Shareowner Services administers employee stock

plans with more than 2.7 million participants. BNY Mellon Shareowner Services

offers a broad suite of products and services ranging from record keeping and

corporate actions to demutualizations, dividend reinvestment administration,

meeting services and employee plan administration. More information about

Shareowner Services is available at www.bnymellon.com/shareownerservices.



BNY Mellon is a global financial services company focused on helping clients

manage and service their financial assets, operating in 36 countries and serving

more than 100 markets. BNY Mellon is a leading provider of financial services

for institutions, corporations and high-net-worth individuals, offering superior

investment management and investment services through a worldwide client-focused

team. It has $25.0 trillion in assets under custody and administration and $1.17

trillion in assets under management, services $12.0 trillion in outstanding debt

and processes global payments averaging $1.6 trillion per day. BNY Mellon is the

corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK).

Additional information is available at www.bnymellon.com.



SOURCE BNY Mellon







CONTACT:Ron Sommer, +1-412-236-0082, ron.sommer@bnymellon.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





