aa,PR Newswire,20110110,11:14,331953
                              272 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      January 10, 2011 Monday 11:14 AM EST



Zacks Earnings Preview: Alcoa, Intel, JPMorgan Chase, Lennar and Supervalu



LENGTH: 2029 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, Jan. 10, 2011





CHICAGO, Jan. 10, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Zacks.com releases the list of companies

likely to issue earnings surprises. This week's list includes: Alcoa (NYSE: AA),

Intel (Nasdaq: INTC), JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM), Lennar (NYSE: LEN) and

Supervalu (NYSE: SVU).



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



To see more earnings analysis, visit http://at.zacks.com/?id=3207.



Every day, Zacks.com makes 4 stock picks available, free of charge. To see them,

go to http://at.zacks.com/?id=3567.



Earnings Season to Kick Off



Next week marks the semi-official start of fourth-quarter earnings season.

Things will be getting off to a slow start, with only 37 firms due to report,

but 6 of those will be S&P 500 firms. We define any fiscal period ending in

November, December and January to be the fourth quarter, and many of those

reporting have November fiscal period ends.



While there are a not a lot of reports, the reports we get will provide some

early clues on the fourth quarter. The firms reporting next week include Alcoa

(NYSE: AA), Intel (Nasdaq: INTC), JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM), Lennar (NYSE: LEN)

and Supervalu (NYSE: SVU). That is an interesting cross-section of the market

that may provide clues to the overall direction of the economy.



While things will be quiet on the earnings side, the same is not true of the

economic data front. We will get the reads on the two deficits, Budget and

Trade, as well as inflation at both the producer and consumer levels. In

addition, data on Retail Sales and Industrial Production and Capacity

Utilization is due out. All of those data points have the potential to move the

markets.



Monday



Nothing of significance.



Tuesday



Wholesale inventories are expected to have risen by 1.3% in November. That is a

fairly large increase, especially coming on top of a 1.9% rise in October.



Wednesday



The Budget deficit has been trending down over the last year, but the recent

deal to extend the Bush tax cuts for everyone, as well as extending unemployment

benefits and cutting the payroll tax by 2% will reverse that, but probably not

by too much in December. The Budget deficit is extremely seasonal, but the data

is not seasonally adjusted, thus the month-to-month comparisons are worse than

useless. The budget deficit for December 2010 is likely to be close to the $91.4

billion of red ink the Federal Government spilled a year ago. If I had to bet on

the direction, it is more likely to be lower than higher than it was last year

as the economy has been recovering and that should aid revenue collection, but a

minor move in either direction relative to last year would not surprise me. For

fiscal 2011 as a whole the budget deficit is likely to be higher than for fiscal

2010 ($1.3 trillion) thanks to the Obama-GOP deal.The Fed will release its Beige

Book, which is a collection of mostly anecdotal evidence from around the

country. The tone of the books has generally been improving over the last year

and I would expect that trend to continue.



Thursday



The Producer Price Index (PPI) is expected to have increased by 0.7% in

December, down slightly from the 0.8% increase it posted in November. Most of

the increases are likely to come from higher food and especially energy prices.

Strip out those volatile components and the increase is expected to be only

0.2%, down from 0.3% last month. Those numbers are for finished goods. The

report also includes data on prices further up the production chain. Most likely

the increases at the intermediate and crude levels of production will be higher,

indicating potential price pressures down the road.Initial Claims for

Unemployment Insurance have finally broken out of the trading range they were in

for most of 2010, and have done so to the downside (that's good). There was a

massive drop over the Christmas week, but that was partially reversed last week.

Last week they rose to 409,000 an increase of 18,000. The Christmas week number

was the first drop below the 400,000 level in this cycle, but it proved to be

too good to be true. The consensus is looking for the reversal to continue with

a rise to 420,000. We probably need to see them fall below 400,000 and stay

there to signal the economy is adding enough jobs to finally bring down the

unemployment rate. We are getting closer, but are not there yet.Continuing

claims have also in a downtrend of late, but the path has been erratic. Last

week they fell by 47,000 to 4.103 million. That is down 897,000 from a year ago.

Some of the longer term decline due to people simply exhausting their regular

state benefits, which run out after 26 weeks, but even extended claims have

started to decline (erratically) as well. Federally paid extended claims fell by

23,000 to 4.507 million, and down 950,000 from a year ago. Looking at just the

regular continuing claims numbers is a serious mistake. Make sure to look at

both sets of numbers! Many of the press reports will not, but we will here at

Zacks.The Trade Deficit is expected to rise to $40.6 billion for November from

$38.7 billion in October. That would reverse a two-month trend of lower trade

deficits and would be bad news. The change in the trade deficit directly impacts

GDP growth, and the recent improvement has been one of the more positive things

going on in the economy. The level of the deficit is a disaster, even at the

October level. The reason we are so far in debt to the rest of the world is the

trade deficit, not the budget deficit. The current levels are simply

unsustainable over the long term. A weaker dollar would help the cause of

bringing it down significantly, but can't do the trick all by itself. About half

the trade deficit is due to our addiction to imported oil, and as the dollar

weakens, the price of oil tends to rise, offsetting any potential improvement

from the weaker dollar (at least on the oil import side). Until we solve our

addiction to imported oil, we are unlikely to eliminate the trade deficit. If we

don't eventually eliminate the trade deficit (and hopefully run trade

surpluses), the country will go bankrupt. Moving to using more Natural Gas (lots

of Domestic Supply) as a transportation fuel would be a great help in the medium

term, but we need to start working on it soon, and it will need leadership from

the Federal Government to make it happen.



Friday



The Consumer Price Index (CPI) is expected to rise by 0.4% in December after

being up only 0.1% in November. Inflation has been very tame over the last year.

Most of the acceleration is expected to come from the volatile food and energy

components of the index. Stripping them out to get to the core CPI, the increase

is expected to be only 0.1%, matching the November increase. Rent and Owners

Equivalent Rent together make up over 30% of the overall CPI, and more than 40%

of core CPI and are likely to be either unchanged or up just 0.1% as they have

been for the last year or so, thus keeping the overall increase in inflation

very low.Retail Sales are expected to have increased by 0.7% in December on top

of a 0.8% increase in November. While this is a very broad measure of Consumer

Spending, not just what goes on at the malls, based on the relatively week

results posted by some of the major retail chains this week, I would have to

take the under on this number. The East Coast snow storm probably didn't help

matters either. Excluding autos, sales are expected to have risen 0.6% down from

a 1.2% increase in November. The sales reports from the auto companies earlier

this week were better than expected, so I wouldn't be surprised if the ex-autos

number is weaker than expected, even if the headline number does manage to meet

or even exceed expectations.The University of Michigan Consumer Sentiment index

is expected to rise to 75.0 from 74.5 last month. I think that this is a vastly

over rated economic indicator, but it can occasionally move markets. While how

the consumer feels is theoretically very important, what consumers actually do,

and what they say in these surveys are often very different. Still, better to

see it move up than down. The level is still well below what is seen in a

healthy economy.Finally, we get what I think is one of the most important

reports of the week, Industrial Production and Capacity Utilization. Industrial

Production is expected to have increased by 0.4% in December matching its

November rise. The headline number can sometimes be distorted by the weather, as

it includes the output of Utilities. Given the relatively cold (relative to

normal, not just getting colder because it is December, not November) weather in

December, we might get a bit of an "artificial" boost to the overall number. It

is thus best to look at what is happening in just manufacturing output as well

as the overall number. Capacity Utilization can suffer from the same weather

related problems that Industrial Production can. Still, it is a very good gauge

of the economy, particularly if one just looks at factory utilization. Since the

end of the recession, capacity utilization has staged a dramatic comeback, but

that is from disastrously low levels. The expected 75.5% level (overall, factory

only consistently runs slightly below the overall number) is about as low as we

got at the bottoms of most recessions prior to the Great Recession. It indicates

that there is still very significant slack in the economy and provides the green

light to the Fed to keep the Fed Funds rate pegged at zero and to implement the

$600 billion QE2 program.



Dirk Van Dijk, CFA, is the Chief Equity Strategist for Zacks.com.



About the Zacks Rank



Since 1988, the Zacks Rank has proven that "Earnings estimate revisions are the

most powerful force impacting stock prices." Since inception in 1988, #1 Rank

Stocks have generated an average annual return of +28%. During the 2000-2002

bear market, Zacks #1 Rank stocks gained +43.8%, while the S&P 500 tumbled

-37.6%. Also note that the Zacks Rank system has just as many Strong Sell

recommendations (Rank #5) as Strong Buy recommendations (Rank #1). Since 1988,

Zacks Rank #5 stocks have significantly underperformed the S&P 500 (+2% versus

+9%). Thus, the Zacks Rank system allows investors to truly manage portfolio

trading effectively.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter offers continuous coverage of the

industries and the stocks poised to outperform the market. Subscribe to this

free newsletter today by visiting http://at.zacks.com/?id=4988.



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leonard Zacks. As a PhD in mathematics Len knew he could find patterns

in stock market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his

many accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system;

the Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1

margin. The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market

insights of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email

newsletter; Profit from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable

ideas GUARANTEED to be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to

Profit from the Pros by going to http://at.zacks.com/?id=3568.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/ZacksResearch



Join us on Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?re

f=ts



Zacks Investment Research is under common control with affiliated entities

(including a broker-dealer and an investment adviser), which may engage in

transactions involving the foregoing securities for the clients of such

affiliates.



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.

Contact: Dirk Van Dijk, CFACompany: Zacks.comPhone: 312-265-9211 Email:

pr@zacks.com

Visit: www.Zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.







CONTACT:Dirk Van Dijk, CFA, Zacks.com, +1-312-265-9211, pr@zacks.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





