aa,PR Newswire,20080923,17:18,332160
                              479 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     September 23, 2008 Tuesday 9:18 PM GMT



Pepco Energy Services Saves $1 Million for Council of Industry Energy Purchasing

Consortium in New York



LENGTH: 656 words



DATELINE: ARLINGTON, Va. Sept. 23





ARLINGTON, Va., Sept. 23 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Pepco Energy Services, a

subsidiary of Pepco Holdings, Inc.(NYSE:POM), has saved participating members of

the Council of Industry of Southeastern New York over $1 million by providing

fixed, low-priced electric supply to its energy purchasing consortium.



Since 2006, Pepco Energy Services and the Council of Industry have been working

together to help the association's members, mostly manufacturing firms, manage

their electricity costs in New York State's deregulated market.



Last year, 25 Council of Industry members signed fixed-priced supply contracts

with Pepco Energy Services to collectively purchase an estimated 80,000 megawatt

hours of electricity annually. Over the first eight months of 2008, the Council

of Industry energy purchasing consortium has saved over $1 million, compared to

the applicable utility rates. Participating companies include Alcoa Fastening

Systems, Pawling Corporation, Southeastern Container and Mount St. Mary College,

to name a few.



Based on current market conditions, Pepco Energy Services estimates that the

Council of Industry energy purchasing consortium will save an additional

$504,000 for a total savings of over $1.5 million for the 2008 calendar year.



"New York companies should be encouraged by the results of the Council's energy

purchasing consortium and the benefits received through Pepco Energy Services'

fixed price electric supply," stated John Fischer, General Manager of

Southeastern Container.



"By working together with Pepco Energy Services, the Council of Industry was

able to help our members take a proactive approach toward their electricity

costs. PES kept us well informed and helped us understand our options. The

result was a tremendous savings for our members," stated Harold King, Executive

Vice President of the Council of Industry.



"With the help of Pepco Energy Services and the Council, we were able to lock in

a price for 2008 and 2009 that fit nicely into our facility budget and we were

pleased. When we saw what happened to energy prices in the first part of 2008 we

were ecstatic," commented Russell Yeager, Chief Executive Officer of Alcoa

Fastening Systems in Kingston.



"Pepco Energy Services is pleased to have saved $1 million for the members of

the Council of Industry energy purchasing consortium," said John Huffman,

President and Chief Operating Officer of Pepco Energy Services.



About Pepco Energy Services



Pepco Energy Services, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Pepco Holdings,

Inc.(NYSE:POM)and a leader in providing commercial, institutional, government

and industrial customers with competitive electricity and natural gas supply and

energy efficiency services. For more information, visit

http://www.pepcoenergy.com/ or call Kelly Douvlis, our Regional Sales Manager in

New York at 845.897.3661.



Pepco Energy Services, Inc. is not the same company as Potomac Electric Power

Company, and prices and services of Pepco Energy Services, Inc. are not set by

the Public Service Commission.



Information contained in this news release may include forward-looking

statements which should be considered in light of the risks inherent in the

business of Pepco Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as discussed in public

documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



About the Council of Industry of Southeastern New York



Founded in 1910, the Council of Industry of Southeastern New York is the

manufacturer's association of the Hudson Valley. A privately funded not-for-

profit organization with more than 130 members, the mission of the Council of

Industry is to promote the success of its member firms, and their employees, and

through them contribute to the success of the Hudson Valley. For more

information, please visit http://www.councilofindustry.org/ .



CONTACT: Kim Price of Pepco Energy Services, Inc., +1-703-253-1839



Web site: http://www.pepcoenergy.com/



SOURCE Pepco Energy Services, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





