aa,PR Newswire,20080421,7:45,332204
                              523 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       April 21, 2008 Monday 11:45 AM GMT



CariSal Limited Announces Long-Term Supply Agreement with Alcoa



LENGTH: 622 words



DATELINE: TRINIDAD & TOBAGO April 21





TRINIDAD & TOBAGO, April 21 /PRNewswire/ -- CariSal Unlimited, a Trinidad &

Tobago, W.I.-based company, has signed a 10-year agreement with Alcoa World

Alumina LLC to supply caustic soda from their first caustic soda - calcium

chloride manufacturing facility being engineered and constructed in Point Lisas,

Trinidad, W.I. Alcoa World Alumina LLC is part of Alcoa World Alumina and

Chemicals, a global alliance between Alcoa Inc., and Alumina Ltd., with Alcoa

holding 60 percent.



CariSal Unlimited is a wholly owned subsidiary of CariSal Holdings Limited, St.

Lucia with principal shareholders including Seneca Chemical and Guardian Energy

Holdings Limited. The plant, expected to be producing by late 2009, will also

manufacture high purity calcium chloride as the primary co-product.



  CariSal is "Green by Choice" and has designed the plant to:



  -- Discharge zero liquid waste

  -- Employ the latest technology for reduction of air emissions

  -- Practice carbon dioxide sequestering

  -- Utilize "Green & Cool" design features for the facility administration

     building









"We are extremely pleased to have this long-term structure in place with Alcoa,

who we consider both a partner and a customer. Their contributions have been

instrumental in moving our venture forward," stated Dick Lietzau, CEO of CariSal

Unlimited. "We believe our Trinidad location, and high calcium chloride purity,

will lead to similar, long-term partner agreements within the targeted market

sectors of oil field completion fluids and dust control. Our proximity to the

high-growth Latin American and West African oil corridors is key to our

marketing and distribution strategy."



Conve & AVS Inc., Miami, Florida, has been awarded the engineering and

fabrication of the caustic soda plant which will utilize INEOS BICHLOR(TM)

electrolyser technology. Commonwealth Engineering and Construction, Houston,

Texas, is providing engineering and procurement for the balance of plant.

Construction will be by local Trinidad contractors.



In cooperation with the National Energy Corporation of Trinidad and Tobago

Limited, CariSal Unlimited has secured favorable long-term supply agreements for

electricity and natural gas that support the economics for the project.



About CariSal Unlimited



CariSal Unlimited is a global manufacturing company specializing in Calcium

Chloride, Caustic Soda, and other specialty chemicals.



  Contact:

  Roger Moore

  Phone #: 610-400-8338

  E-mail: rogermdmoore@carisal.biz





  About Conve & AVS Inc.





Conve & AVS Inc. is a chlor-alkali process technology and construction company

specialized in supplying chlor-alkali plants for on site production of chlorine,

caustic soda, hydrochloric acid and sodium hypochlorite.



  Contact:

  Name: Alberto Gonzalez

  Phone #: 305 412 9828

  E-mail: agonzalez@conveavs.com





  About Commonwealth Engineering and Construction LLC





Commonwealth Engineering and Construction, LLC, led by a team of senior

executives from both the engineering/construction industry and client

organizations, is committed to mentoring talented people in an employee-owned,

privately financed organization. The name Commonwealth represents the firm's

objective of always seeking mutual benefits for clients, employees, associated

business partners and local communities.



  Contact:

  Name: Lyle Hanna

  Phone #: 713-979-2932

  E-mail: LHanna@TeamCEC.com









This release was issued through eReleases(TM). For more information, visit

http://www.ereleases.com/ .



CONTACT: Roger Moore of CariSal Unlimited, +1-610-400-8338,

 rogermdmoore@carisal.biz ; or Alberto Gonzalez of Conve & AVS Inc.,

+1-305-412-9828, agonzalez@conveavs.com ; or Lyle Hanna of Commonwealth

Engineering and Construction LLC, +1-713-979-2932, LHanna@TeamCEC.com



SOURCE CariSal Unlimited



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





