aa,U.S. Newswire,20060127,9:43,332400
                              719 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                      January 27, 2006 Friday 9:43 AM EST



AARP CEO Calls for Real Vision and Change; Sets Priorities That Promote Health

and Economic Security for Americans Over 50



SECTION: NATIONAL DESK



LENGTH: 366 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON,  Jan. 27





Today, Bill Novelli, CEO of AARP called for a "real vision for reform and

change" as he outlined the organization's advocacy priorities for the coming

year.



As Congress is set to reconvene, Novelli explained that "chopping away at

Medicaid and Medicare does not address the real problem -- escalating health

care costs, which now account for 16 percent of the GDP."



Novelli laid out an agenda designed to address the security of Americans and

their families, such as skyrocketing health care costs, long-term care, pension

and savings reform, heating costs and recruiting and retaining workers over 50.



When addressing the trend of shifting economic risk from employers and

government to individuals Novelli said, "this is creating challenges that impact

Americans' lives right now -- from affording quality health care to planning for

retirement to heating their homes."



Novelli explained that as large companies, such as Verizon, IBM, Motorola, and

Alcoa, move away from traditional defined-benefit pension plans, it reinforces

the great importance of Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid as the bedrock of

our nation's retirement security.



Novelli acknowledged that there are many challenges on the horizon and said that

three things are needed to achieve meaningful change and reform, "more

bipartisanship; deficit reduction and good government."



------



AARP is a nonprofit, nonpartisan membership organization that helps people

50-plus have independence, choice and control in ways that are beneficial and

affordable to them and society as a whole. AARP produces AARP The Magazine,

published bimonthly; AARP Bulletin, a monthly newspaper; AARP Segunda Juventud,

a bimonthly magazine in Spanish and English; NRTA Live & Learn, a quarterly

newsletter for 50-plus educators; and a Web site, AARP.org. AARP Foundation is

an affiliated charity that provides security, protection, and empowerment to

older persons in need with support from thousands of volunteers, donors, and

sponsors. AARP has staffed offices in all 50 states, the District of Columbia,

Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands.



http://www.usnewswire.com/







Contact: Nancy Thompson, 202-434-2667; or Steve Hahn, 202-434-2592; both of AARP



LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





