aa,PR Newswire,20120919,9:30,331723
                              42 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                    September 19, 2012 Wednesday 9:30 AM EST



Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day Highlights: American Eagle Outfitters, Allegheny

Technologies, Inc., FedEx, Apple Inc. and Alcoa



LENGTH: 1243 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, Sept. 19, 2012





  Zacks Equity Research  highlights American Eagle Outfitters' ( AEO ) as the

Bull of the Day and Allegheny Technologies, Inc. ( ATI )  as the Bear of the

Day. In addition, Zacks Equity Research provides analysis on FedEx ( FDX ),

Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) and Alcoa  ( AA ).



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO )



Full analysis of all these stocks is available at  http://at.zacks.com/?id=10490

.



Here is a synopsis of all five stocks:



Bull of the Day :



Driven by strong top-line growth coupled with lower input and operating costs,

American Eagle Outfitters' ( AEO ) earnings of $0.21 per share for

second-quarter 2012 surged nearly 62% from the year-ago period, and came in line

with the Zacks Consensus Estimate. In the quarter, American Eagle's adjusted net

sales went up 11% year over year to $739.7 million, beating the Zacks Consensus

Estimate of $738 million.



Bolstered by a strong quarterly performance, management raised its fiscal 2012

earnings guidance range to $1.33-$1.36 per share from $1.16-$1.22 forecasted

earlier. Further, we remain impressed with the company's continued momentum in

denim along with improved merchandise assortments in the women's business

segment, which will likely augment its top-line performance and enhance gross

margin.



Moreover, we believe the company's cost-saving initiatives and long-term growth

strategy will not only provide financial flexibility, but will also help to

drive value. Our target price of $26.00, based on 19.1x 2012 EPS, reflects this

view.



Bear of the Day :



We are maintaining our Underperform recommendation on Allegheny Technologies,

Inc. ( ATI ) following its lackluster second quarter results. Both revenues and

earnings missed Zacks Consensus Estimates. Sluggish growth across the U.S. and

China, along with fragile economic conditions in Europe, hurt demand for the

company's products.



While Allegheny is expected to continue benefiting from its new alloys/products

and diversified global growth markets, it is contending with a soft economy and

raw material cost pressures. Moreover, reduced raw material surcharges and low

base prices for standard stainless products are affecting the results of the

company's Flat-Rolled Products division.



Our long-term Underperform recommendation on the stock indicates that it will

perform below the market. Our price target of $33 is based on 16.7x our fiscal

2012 earnings estimate.



Latest Posts on the Zacks  Analyst Blog :



Back to Reality as FedEx Reports



The earnings report from FedEx ( FDX ) this morning puts the spotlight back on

the global growth worries that were drowned out by the hoopla surrounding the

QE3 announcement.



Investors seem to think of QE3 as the panacea that Bernanke was at pains to

point out it was not. The Fed's new program hasn't had much chance to do its

magic on the economy yet, but one can reasonably assume that it is largely

irrelevant to the type of issues facing global bellwether operators like FedEx.



FedEx came ahead of the lowered guidance it provided two weeks back. But

whatever that positive surprise is worth, it is more than offset by lowered

guidance for the current quarter and full fiscal year. The company's

eCommerce-centric package delivery business seems to be doing fine and would

likely get a further lift in the current period from strong demand for Apple's (

AAPL ) iPhone 5.



It is the international air freight business, accounting for more than 60% of

the firm's revenue, which is facing weakening demand as a result of the

worldwide economic slowdown.



We will likely hear more about this theme of weak economic backdrop weighing on

corporate profitability as the third quarter earnings season gets underway.

Estimates are for earnings to drop 3.9% in the third quarter from the same

period last year, which reflects a roughly equivalent drop in revenues and flat

margins.



This is the weakest earnings growth outlook at the start of a reporting season

that we have seen since late 2009. Expectations are for a turnaround in the

fourth quarter, with earnings expected to increase a solid 7.9%. For next year,

the consensus expectation is for growth of about 10%, on top of the high single

digits growth this year.



Count me as skeptical of these forecasts. With growth a problem all over the

world, these growth expectations may not be much different than 'hoping for the

best.'



Technically speaking, the third quarter reporting season started today with the

FedEx report, though the market starts paying attention only after Alcoa's ( AA

) results next month. We still have some time to go before then. But I would be

surprised if the market can build on its recent gains in this time period.



And hardly anyone would find the key take-away from the actual reporting season

to be reassuring enough to sustain the gains made in recent days. Bottom line,

this fall may not be that kind to the stock market.



Get the full analysis of all these stocks by going to

http://at.zacks.com/?id=10490 .



About the Bull and Bear of the Day



Every day, the analysts at Zacks Equity Research select two stocks that are

likely to outperform (Bull) or underperform (Bear) the markets over the next 3-6

months.



About the Analyst Blog



Updated throughout every trading day, the  Analyst Blog  provides analysis from

Zacks Equity Research about the latest news and events impacting stocks and the

financial markets.



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous analyst coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded

stocks. Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks  "Profit from the Pros"  e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the

latest analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter

today by visiting  http://at.zacks.com/?id=10490 .



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of  Zacks Investment Research , Inc., which was formed

in 1978 by Leonard Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in

stock market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his

many accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system;

the  Zacks Rank , which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1

margin. The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market

insights of Zacks Investment



Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit from the Pros. In

short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to be worth your

time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros at

http://at.zacks.com/?id=10490 .



Visit  http://www.zacks.com/performance  for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Follow us on Twitter:   http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?re

f=ts



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Media Contact

Zacks Investment Research

800-767-3771 ext. 9339

support@zacks.com

http://www.zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





