aa,PR Newswire,20110511,13:28,331905
                              224 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       May 11, 2011 Wednesday 1:28 PM EST



TOTO Announces Strategic Partnership with Alcoa, Inc., for New HYDROTECT(TM)

Powered Aluminum Cladding Line;

Company Licenses Breakthrough Photocatalytic Environmental Cleaning Technology

to Power Alcoa's Reynobond® with EcoClean(TM)



LENGTH: 895 words



DATELINE: MORROW, Ga., May 11, 2011





TOTO, the largest plumbing manufacturer in the world with $5.1 billion in annual

sales, today announced the launch of its new cross-industrial strategic

partnership with Alcoa, Inc., the world's largest producer of primary and

fabricated aluminum. Reynobond with EcoClean is the revolutionary aluminum

coating that cleans itself and the surrounding air using HYDROTECT technology.

Alcoa Architectural Products will introduce EcoClean and TOTO will demonstrate

HYDROTECT at the AIA Convention (Booths 1935 and 1227, respectively) in New

Orleans, May 12 - 14, 2011



"TOTO established 'HYDROTECT Partners' to raise HYDROTECT's profile in the

global marketplace and disseminate knowledge about this breakthrough technology

worldwide," said Daijiro Nogata, President of TOTO USA. "TOTO continues to

aggressively build our new global network of cross-industrial strategic business

partners -- of which Alcoa is a ranking member. Alcoa used HYDROTECT to develop

Reynobond with EcoClean. We look forward to other new product innovations by our

global network partners in the near future."



Working with HYDROTECT, Alcoa's scientists achieved a major breakthrough.

EcoClean coating is the first titanium dioxide finish that can be applied to a

pre-painted metal surface with a coil coating process.



"We are very honored to have HYDROTECT power a product line by the world's

leading aluminum manufacturer. Our partnership with Alcoa is a giant leap

forward in the acceleration of HYDROTECT's global expansion," said Nogata.



HYDROTECT Technology



TOTO's HYDROTECT technology utilizes photocatalysts with superhydrophilic and

decomposition properties offering the following benefits:



creates easy clean surfaces on buildings' exteriors or interiorscleans the air

(reduces pollutant gases, NOx, SOx, VOCs, which contribute to greenhouse gas

production, and improves general air quality, both indoor and outdoor);

andoffers anti-microbial* benefits (suppresses growth of mold, fungi, and

algae).



Among HYDROTECT products' secondary benefits are global greenhouse gas

reduction; carbon footprint reduction; contribution to LEED points on submitted

projects; building maintenance cost savings; reduction in the use of harmful

cleaning agents; and a net positive environmental impact as derived from Life

Cycle Assessment.



About Alcoa



Alcoa is the world's leading producer of primary and fabricated aluminum, as

well as the world's largest miner of bauxite and refiner of alumina. In addition

to inventing the modern-day aluminum industry, Alcoa innovation has been behind

major milestones in the aerospace, automotive, packaging, building and

construction, commercial transportation, consumer electronics and industrial

markets over the past 120 years. Among the solutions Alcoa markets are

flat-rolled products, hard alloy extrusions, and forgings, as well as Alcoa®

wheels, fastening systems, precision and investment castings, and building

systems in addition to its expertise in other light metals such as titanium and

nickel-based super alloys. Sustainability is an integral part of Alcoa's

operating practices and the product design and engineering it provides to

customers. Alcoa has been a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for

nine consecutive years and approximately 75 percent of all of the aluminum ever

produced since 1888 is still in active use today. Alcoa employs approximately

59,000 people in 31 countries across the world. More information can be found at

www.alcoa.com.



About TOTO:



TOTO is the largest plumbing manufacturer in the world with $5.1 billion dollars

in annual sales. To date, TOTO has produced more than 60 million plumbing

fixtures. TOTO USA is headquarters for the Americas Division of the TOTO Global

Group, which was established in 1917 with the founding of TOTO, Ltd., in

Kitakyushu, Japan. Today, this international company maintains 23,500 employees

in 69 offices around the world and owns manufacturing facilities in Japan,

Mexico, the USA, China, and Europe with an affiliated network of more than 80

production facilities worldwide. With over 1,500 engineers on staff and three

centers devoted solely to research and development, TOTO is the undisputed

global leader in product innovation, precision engineering, high design, and

sustainability in products that are designed to meet people's real world needs.

Exemplified in the company's philosophy - People First Innovation -- TOTO offers

consumers elegant luxury products that save money and water without sacrificing

an ounce of performance and the peace of mind that comes from knowing they

purchased a brand that sets the standard for world-class performance, enduring

quality, and reliability. Winner of numerous domestic and international awards

and recognitions, TOTO is the only plumbing manufacturer honored as Water

Efficiency Leader by the Environmental Protection Agency. TOTO continues to

raise industry standards and consumer expectations as to what is possible in the

bath space, as it connects people with water in ways that enrich the flow of

their daily lives.



For more information, consumers may visit www.totousa.com or call

1.888.295.8134, Option 5.



For more information about TOTO's HYDROTECT and its Global Partnership Network,

please visit http://www.hydrotect.com



*EPA registration in progress



SOURCE TOTO USA







CONTACT:Lenora Campos, Ph.D., +1-917-593-6752, lcampos@totousa.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





