aa,PR Newswire,20090518,4:00,332071
                              390 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        May 18, 2009 Monday 8:00 AM GMT



Healthcare Leaders to Address Patient Safety and Reform at the National Patient

Safety Foundation Congress, Washington, DC, May 20-22



LENGTH: 806 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 18





MEDIA ALERT



WASHINGTON, May 18 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Focusing on critical healthcare

reform efforts and best practices essential to reducing preventable adverse

events, and responding to President Obama's bold principles for change,

influential leaders will gather at the National Patient Safety Foundation

Congress this week to discuss the fundamental shifts necessary to keep patients

safe and strengthen the quality of care.



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20080307/AQF053LOGO)



The Administration's newly-released principles for Transforming and Modernizing

America's Health Care System include a key mandate to improve patient safety and

care. A decade after the seminal Institute of Medicine reportTo Err Is Human:

Building a Safer Health System, and despite a determined focus across

healthcare, multiple tens of thousands of Americans still die each year as a

result of unintended adverse events, including healthcare associated infections.

The personal toll is devastating, and the economic impact, estimated at upwards

of $26 billion annually, is staggering.



In tandem with the Administration's calls for dramatic change in healthcare,

Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius recently announced

Recovery Act resources designed to support critical patient safety efforts,

stating that "the status quo is unsustainable."



Program Highlights:



IOM Report Retrospective and the Decade Ahead



This expert panel will feature distinguished members of the Lucian Leape

Institute, including a number of architects of theTo Err Is Humanreport, and

will provide a retrospective on accomplishments in patient safety in the ten

years since the release of this pivotal publication. With this foundation of

knowledge, these leaders will then discuss and identify the opportunities for

change within the system and how to best accomplish these life-saving goals.



Janet Corrigan, President and CEO of the National Quality ForumDr. Lucian Leape,

Adjunct Professor of Health Policy, Harvard School of Public HealthDr. Donald

Berwick, President and CEO, Institute for Healthcare ImprovementDr. Carolyn

Clancy, Director, Agency for Healthcare Research and QualityJames Conway, Senior

Vice President, Institute for Healthcare ImprovementDr. David Lawrence, Chairman

and CEO (retired), Kaiser Foundation Health Plan and Kaiser Foundation

HospitalsJulianne Morath, Chief Quality and Safety Officer, Vanderbilt

University Medical CenterDr. Dennis O'Leary, President Emeritus, The Joint

CommissionPaul O'Neill, former Chairman and CEO, Alcoa, and 72nd Secretary of

the U.S. Treasury



Health Policy Reform: The Unfinished Business of the Baby Boom Generation



The Honorable John Kitzhaber, MD, Governor of Oregon (1995-2003) will discuss

the critical importance of shifting the national debate from how we pay for

healthcare to what we are buying; how care is organized and delivered; and what

return on investment we are getting in terms of health. He will also examine the

key design elements of a new system and the steps we need to take to achieve the

goals of health policy reform.



Patient Safety: Reaching for Transformational Change in Challenging Times



Alan Aviles, President of the New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation

(HHC), the largest municipal hospital and healthcare system in the country, will

detail how HHC has been transformed by implementing a clear and determined plan

to deliver safe, efficient, patient-centered care. Despite funding and resource

limitations, HHC has maintained a core focus on patient safety and achieved

acclaimed results, providing a model of practical guidance during these

challenging economic times.



A complete listing of participants is available at www.npsf.org.



The 2009 NPSF Patient Safety Congress, attended by over 1200 healthcare

professionals, will be held at the Gaylord National Hotel and Convention Center

in National Harbor, Maryland (just outside Washington, DC), on May 20-22.



About the National Patient Safety Foundation:



The National Patient Safety Foundation is an independent not-for-profit

501(c)(3) organization that has been diligently pursuing one mission since its

founding in 1997 -- to improve the safety of the healthcare system for the

patients and families it serves. As the widely recognized voice of patient

safety, NPSF is unwavering in its determined and committed focus on uniting

disciplines and organizations across healthcare, championing a collaborative,

inclusive, multi-stakeholder approach. From transformative strategic initiatives

to tactics, tools, and vital information resources, NPSF defines and develops

groundbreaking programs designed to accelerate positive change and drive forward

the patient safety mission.



SOURCE National Patient Safety Foundation







CONTACT:David Coletta of National Patient Safety Foundation, +1-617-391-9908,

dcoletta@npsf.org



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





