aa,PR Newswire US,20070607,13:22,332269
                              588 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       June 7, 2007 Thursday 5:22 PM GMT



Corporate Sustainability Initiatives Push ESS to 200 Percent Increase in

Software License Sales in 2007



LENGTH: 434 words



DATELINE: TEMPE, Ariz. June 7





TEMPE, Ariz., June 7  /PRNewswire/ -- ESS, the leading provider of

Environmental, Health and Safety (EH&S) and Crisis Management software for

corporate Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC), today announced that 2007

software license sales through April have increased 200 percent compared to the

same period last year.  On the heels of record growth in 2006, ESS continues to

ride a wave of corporate boardroom interest in environmental stewardship, health

and safety and sustainability issues.



Significant new enterprise orders include Alcoa, Allied Waste, AMPAC Fine

Chemicals, Black and Veach Corporation, China National Petroleum Company, Home

Depot, Iron Mountain, Duke Energy, Delaware Emergency Management Agency, Major

Drilling, Oiltanking Houston, PPG Industries and Kuwait Oil Company. Clients

represented both domestic and international organizations across a wide variety

of industry sectors.



Industry experts have observed that more organizations are showing leadership by

investing in tools and infrastructure for their employees to execute against

their corporate policies and social responsibility initiatives. Corporate

decision makers are increasing their investments in ESS information systems to

ensure they are positioned to address issues such as:



  -- EH&S Performance Management and KPI Scorecards

   -- Enterprise-wide Compliance Management

   -- Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reporting and Carbon Footprint Monitoring

   -- Health and Safety Management and Risk Analytics







"ESS software continues to be the preferred platform for companies that want to

consolidate all of their EH&S functions and data into a single platform that

enables efficient, centralized management of these important issues across the

enterprise," said Robert Johnson, ESS President/CEO. "ESS is selected because it

is the only software that eliminates disparate systems and the associated

complexity and risk of using multiple vendor applications."



About ESS



ESS is the leading provider of Environmental, Health & Safety (EH&S) and Crisis

Management software for corporate Governance, Risk and Compliance. The company

has provided global and local software solutions to more than 17,000 businesses,

government agencies and other organizations worldwide. ESS is headquartered in

Tempe, Ariz., with offices in Denver, Washington, D.C. and Calgary, Alberta. For

additional information, visit  http://www.ess-home.com/ .



  Media Contact: Dawn Kehr

   Phone: 480.346.5526

   E-mail:  ess-media@ess-home.com





CONTACT:  Dawn Kehr of ESS, +1-480-346-5526,  ess-media@ess-home.com



Web site:   http://www.ess-home.com/



SOURCE ESS



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





