aa,PR Newswire US,20051004,18:07,332424
                              743 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      October 4, 2005 Tuesday 10:07 PM GMT



An Affiliate of Hunt Special Situations Group, L.P. Announces Acquisition of

Edge Flooring



LENGTH: 472 words



DATELINE: DALLAS Oct. 4





DALLAS, Oct. 4  /PRNewswire/ -- Edge Flooring LLC (the "Company"), a company

sponsored by Hunt Special Situations Group, L.P., announced today it has

completed the acquisition of all the assets of TEF, Inc. (d.b.a. Edge Flooring).



The Company ( http://www.edgeflooring.com/  ), based in Dalton, Georgia, is a

manufacturer of a proprietary engineered tile flooring system for the home

center and specialty floor covering retail and distribution markets in the U.S.,

Canada and Europe.  The tile flooring systems are comprised of real porcelain

tile mounted on an interlocking backer board, underlayment, saw blades,

transitions and pre-mixed flexible grout.  The Company's products can be found

in over 3,300 retail locations worldwide, including all Lowe's Home Improvement

stores.



The Edge Flooring management team will be led by Bill Cralley, President and

Chief Executive Officer.  Prior to joining the Company, Bill was President of

Alcoa Architectural Products, a $500+ million, multi-national business comprised

of the Kawneer Company, Alumax Products and Alcoa Cladding Systems. Bill has

over 24 years experience in the building and construction products and service

industries.



Bill Cralley, President and CEO of Edge Flooring LLC, commenting on the

acquisition said: "We are extremely pleased to announce our new partnership and

investment by Hunt.  The financial investment as well as the commitment of

non-financial resources will allow our company to achieve its full potential. We

look forward to continuing to serve our customers with a unique and

differentiated value proposition in the marketplace."



Phil Arra, Senior Vice President, Hunt Special Situations Group, L.P., said: "We

are proud to be part of such a constructive transaction with Edge Flooring,

thereby making it possible for a company with such strong commercial prospects

to restructure and be positioned for success.  The transaction would not have

been possible without the support of the company's key customers, suppliers and

employees."



About Hunt Special Situations Group, L.P.



Hunt Special Situations Group, L.P. ( http://www.huntssg.com/  ) is a private

equity group focused on constructive investments in special situations in the

middle market including restructurings, turnarounds and bankruptcies.  Hunt SSG

seeks to realize capital appreciation through equity investments in companies

facing substantial financial, operational and business challenges. Hunt SSG is a

private equity investment affiliate of Dallas-based Hunt Consolidated, Inc.

which is operated by Ray L. Hunt with activities in oil and gas, real estate and

principal investing.



CONTACT:  Phil Arra of Hunt Special Situations Group, L.P.,

+1-214-978-8104, or  parra@huntssg.com



Web site:   http://www.huntssg.com/

 http://www.edgeflooring.com/



SOURCE Hunt Special Situations Group, L.P.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





