aa,PR Newswire,20121206,16:17,331687
                               6 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     December 6, 2012 Thursday 4:17 PM EST



U.S.-Russia Business Council Hails Senate Passage of Russia PNTR



LENGTH: 400 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 6, 2012





 The U.S.-Russia Business Council (USRBC) today hailed Senate passage of

legislation to remove Russia from the Jackson-Vanik amendment and to extend

Permanent Normal Trade Relations (PNTR) with Russia by an overwhelming margin of

92-4.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120713/MM40069LOGO-b )



"We welcome today's historic Senate action which provides the U.S. business

community with the certainty and predictability it needs to compete in Russia's

growing market," said Klaus Kleinfeld, Chairman and CEO of Alcoa and Chairman of

the USRBC. "Passage of Russia PNTR offers an important boost to U.S. businesses

across sectors.  Our companies will now be able to fully access opportunities

presented by Russia's accession the WTO."



Russia is the world's 9th largest market, and its $1.9 trillion economy requires

significant infrastructure improvements and industrial modernization.  Its 142

million people are savvy consumers who appreciate high quality goods and

services.



The U.S. Senate's approval of Russia PNTR echoed the strong bipartisan pattern

seen in the U.S. House of Representatives, which passed the measure 365-43.



"Extending PNTR to Russia is to be celebrated by all of us who have been

involved in this process and who seek to build upon the opportunities presented

by the Russian market," said Ed Verona, the USRBC's President and CEO.  "We urge

President Obama to sign this measure into law as soon as possible."



The U.S.-Russia Business Council has been at the forefront of the Russia PNTR

campaign since its inception, leading the Coalition for U.S.-Russia Trade, the

organized business community's voice on securing Permanent Normal Trade

Relations with Russia for U.S. manufacturers, service providers, and farmers.The

U.S.-Russia Business Council (USRBC, http://www.usrbc.org ) represents the

interests of its 250 U.S. and Russian member companies, providing business

development and government relations support in both Moscow and Washington. The

USRBC contributes to the stability and development of a free market in Russia

and supports Russia's integration into the global economy. It also serves as the

Secretariat for the Coalition for U.S.-Russia Trade. Learn more at

http://www.usrbc.org and http://www.usrussiatrade.org .



SOURCE U.S.-Russia Business Council







CONTACT: Randi Levinas, Executive Vice President, U.S.-Russia Business Council,

(202) 739-9196, levinas@usrbc.org



LOAD-DATE: December 07, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





