aa,PR Newswire,20100510,8:00,331993
                              312 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        May 10, 2010 Monday 8:00 AM EST



Safety Culture, Carbon Policy Debated at EUCG Spring Meeting



LENGTH: 1283 words



DATELINE: ST. LOUIS, May 10





ST. LOUIS, May 10 /PRNewswire/ -- The electric utility industry has made

tremendous improvement in its safety performance in recent years to the point

that a "safety culture" has emerged as one of its most prominent

characteristics. Safety, along with a discussion on climate data and carbon

policy, was the main focus of industry professionals at EUCG's spring workshop

in St. Louis last month.



EUCG, a global association of energy and electric utility professionals, meets

semiannually to discuss current and emerging industry issues, share best

practices and exchange data for benchmarking purposes. The association is in its

37th year of service to the power generation industry.



"Safety has always been important to electric utilities, but now it is evolving

as one of the industry's most distinguishable features, on par with customers,

service reliability and shareholders," reported EUCG President Mark Derry of

Exelon (NYSE: EXC). "Today, an electric company's culture is as deeply rooted

and influenced by its safety performance as a company's excellent customer

service or high returns on Wall Street."



Safety performance actually drives, or at least heavily influences, other

performance metrics, said George W. Sharp, EUCG vice president of American

Electric Power (NYSE: AEP). "Data are emerging that a company's safety

performance correlates strongly with other performance measures such as

profitability, customer satisfaction and service reliability," reported Sharp.

"Excellence is a cultural phenomenon, and our industry is beginning to believe

that safety performance may have the greatest impact on achieving a measure of

overall quality."



EUCG recently formed a new committee to study electric utility safety, share

best practices and develop metrics for EUCG's members to evaluate their safety

performance. The Safety and Health Committee is chaired by AEP's Ken McCullough

and has attracted significant industry interest during the committee's

incubation period.



"Our new safety committee has the potential to become the electric utility

industry's go-to organization for safety and health data, benchmarking and best

practices," McCullough said. "Our committee members discussed during our spring

workshop how our industry has evolved from one that mostly reacted to safety

incidents, to one that is very proactive at every level. Our committee discussed

how some companies now spend as much time discussing and analyzing safety near

misses as they do actual recordable accidents. The industry's culture has truly

evolved."



Thomas R. Voss, president and chief executive officer of Ameren (NYSE: AEE),

provided the workshop's welcome address to the more than 150 industry

participants.



The keynote for the workshop was provided by Dr. Robert Peltier, editor-in-chief

of Power magazine. Peltier's address, "Climate Change Science: The Science is

Scuttled," presented an engineer's view of the means and methods behind the

collection, analysis, interpretation and communication of climate data. Power is

planning to publish a series of articles based on Dr. Peltier's research and

investigation into the climate science debate, and his presentation gave

workshop participants a preview.



EUCG's industry committees reported that sharing best practices continues to be

one of the most popular features of EUCG membership. "The Nuclear Committee

invited Kunita Gear of Express Scripts to provide examples of best practices

from the prescription medicine industry. We believe that the potential for best

practice sharing isn't realized unless you include an examination of other

industries' approaches and ideas," said David Ward, Nuclear Committee chair from

Duke Energy (NYSE: DUK). "We will continue to invite other industries to our

workshops in an effort to cross-pollinate our knowledge base."



Kelly McNair, EUCG's Information Technology Committee chair from Oncor Electric

Delivery, stated that his committee is focusing on sharing best practices around

"agile" approaches to electric utility IT management. "We discussed how our

member utilities are tackling e-mail system management and governance policies,

virtualization of desktop PC resources, Information Technology Infrastructure

Library and approaches for application development and support, Voice over

Internet Protocol services deployment, and how companies are handling 'charge

back' issues for enterprise IT costs," McNair said.



Joe Martucci, chair of EUCG's Transmission and Distribution Committee from PSEG

(NYSE: PEG), stated that his committee members shared best practices around

emerging issues such as complying with the new North American Reliability

Corporation's Critical Infrastructure Protection standards and how companies are

using stimulus money to promote smart grid initiatives. "Our industry is

evolving rapidly as new technologies and standards are introduced," Martucci

said. "Our T&D committee will continue to share best practices around these

developments to keep our membership at the forefront of leveraging knowledge for

effective change management."



Tennessee Valley Authority's Jim Miller, Chair of the Hydro Committee, agreed

with Nuclear Committee Chair Ward's assessment that utilizing best practices

from non-electric utility companies is beneficial. "Our committee workshop

included a presentation by Alcoa regarding how they use benchmarking data to

improve performance. The differences in how a metals manufacturer uses data to

identify best practices can be eye-opening for an electric utility," Miller

said.



Bill Bunker, vice president and operations manager for Alcoa Power Generation,

subsidiary of Alcoa, Inc. (NYSE: AA), agrees in the inter-industry knowledge

sharing inherent in EUCG's spring workshop agenda. "The EUCG workshop is easily

the most valuable conference I attend each year. I return with new processes and

techniques that I can share with my team, and I think the electric utility

members learn a little from the metals manufacturing industry background I

provide as well," Bunker said.



Robert Dool, Fossil Committee chair from AEP, concurs that EUCG's workshops are

fertile ground for knowledge exchange. "Fossil Committee members are encouraged

to attend other EUCG committee presentations on best practices in order to

garner a broad-based, multi-disciplined understanding of how to improve electric

utility performance. The Fossil Committee is working on inviting guests to

future workshops from other industries to optimize data and process sharing,"

Dool said.



EUCG will hold its 2010 fall workshop in Glendale, Ariz., Sept. 26-29. All

energy professionals are invited. Interested parties should visit the EUCG

website at http://www.eucg.org for more information about the organization's

next event.



About EUCG: EUCG is a global non-profit association of energy and electric

utility professionals who discuss current and emerging industry issues, share

best practices and exchange data for benchmarking purposes. The 37-year-old

association is organized into committees that represent specific utility

functions: Transmission & Distribution (T&D), Fossil Plants, Hydro Plants,

Nuclear Plants, Information Technology (IT) and Safety and Health committees.

Members attend semiannual workshops that focus on strategic planning,

maintenance practices, operations management, outage management and various

other aspects of the electric utility business. Membership is open to all

utility companies and professionals worldwide. Interested parties should contact

Pat Kovalesky, EUCG Executive Director, at 1-623-572-4140. Email:

eucgexec@cox.net . Website: http://www.eucg.org .



SOURCE EUCG







CONTACT:MEDIA: George W. Sharp, EUCG Vice President, +1-614-716-2791,

gwsharp@aep.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





