aa,PR Newswire,20080728,16:00,332169
                              488 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        July 28, 2008 Monday 8:00 PM GMT



Dr. Kathryn Jackson Appointed to Vice President, Strategy, Research and

Technology at Westinghouse



LENGTH: 564 words



DATELINE: MONROEVILLE, Pa. July 28





MONROEVILLE, Pa., July 28 /PRNewswire/ -- Dr. Kathryn Jackson has been appointed

to the position of vice president, Strategy, Research and Technology at

Westinghouse Electric Company. Dr. Jackson was previously the executive vice

president of River System Operations and Environment at Tennessee Valley

Authority (TVA), where she has served since 1998.



"Dr. Jackson's extensive work in the energy industry, coupled with her hands-on

experience in technology strategy, will prove very beneficial to Westinghouse as

we continue to develop innovative products and services for our customers," said

Dr. Regis Matzie, senior vice president and chief technology officer at

Westinghouse.



Corporate research and technology development was among her major

responsibilities during her tenure at TVA. As the unit's leader, Dr. Jackson

managed the development and infusion of new technologies to improve performance

power generation, transmission and distribution systems. She also negotiated

multimillion-dollar contracts -- in service, R&D and engineering -- with various

government agencies and corporations.



Dr. Jackson's TVA career began in 1991 when she was hired as project engineer,

Nuclear Power, in the Generating Group. Two years later she was named vice

president, Technology Advancements. Among her accomplishments in that role:

developing and implementing a methodology to identify research and technology

development projects that aligned with TVA's long-term corporate strategy and

its customers' priorities. In 1994, she was named senior vice president of TVA's

Resource Group, and later became its executive vice president.



Dr. Jackson began her professional career in 1980 at Westinghouse Electric

Corp.'s Nuclear Technology Division, where she served four years as a marketing

project engineer and design engineer. She then went to Alcoa, working as a

technology forecaster at the company's Corporate Research and Development

Center.



Prior to joining TVA, Dr. Jackson spent two years as a postdoctoral fellow at

the National Academy of Engineering in Washington, D.C., where she was

responsible for evaluating national regulations and policies that are at the

intersection of engineering, technology and society.



She earned a bachelor's degree in Physics from Grove City College (1979), and

also holds a master's in Industrial Engineering Management from the University

of Pittsburgh (1983) and master's and doctorate degrees in Engineering and

Public Policy from Carnegie Mellon University (1987 and 1990).



Dr. Jackson's industry-related activities also include service on the board of

directors of the Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI), as well as its

Governance & Nominating and Executive committees.



Headquartered in Monroeville, PA, Westinghouse offers a wide range of nuclear

plant products and services to utilities around the world, including fuel, spent

fuel management, service and maintenance, instrumentation and control, and

advanced nuclear plant designs. Westinghouse supplied the world's first

commercial nuclear power plant in 1957 and has designed the world's largest

installed base of operating nuclear power plants.



CONTACT: Vaughn Gilbert of Westinghouse Electric Company,

+1-412-374-3896, gilberhv@westinghouse.com



Web site: http://www.westinghousenuclear.com/



Company News On-Call: http://www.prnewswire.com/comp/127481.html



SOURCE Westinghouse Electric Company



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





