
                              781 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                            February 28, 2005 Monday



The Manitowoc Company Names Mary Ellen Bowers a Corporate Officer



LENGTH: 387 words



DATELINE: MANITOWOC, Wis. Feb. 28





MANITOWOC, Wis., Feb. 28  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Board of Directors of

The Manitowoc Company, Inc. (NYSE:MTW) today named Mary Ellen Bowers a corporate

officer of the company. Bowers was recently appointed executive vice president

of corporate development, where she has primary responsibility for the

development of Manitowoc's strategic business plans supporting the company's

long-term commitment to disciplined growth and its EVA culture.



Prior to joining Manitowoc, Ms. Bowers was vice president and general manager,

Aerospace & Industrial Products of Alcoa, Inc., a major producer of structural

forgings for global aerospace and industrial markets. Ms. Bowers began her

career at Alcoa in 1981 as an industrial engineer and served in a series of

positions of increasing responsibility, including director of Alcoa's global

business design function in which she was responsible for strategic development

and implementation of standard business processes involving 350 locations in 40

countries. Ms. Bowers holds a bachelor's of science degree in industrial

engineering from the University of Wisconsin.



"Mary Ellen Bowers increases the depth of Manitowoc's long range planning

capability," said Terry D. Growcock, chairman and chief executive officer. "Her

experience, which includes all phases of strategic and business development,

along with a demonstrated capability to lead complex projects, will enable

Manitowoc to achieve its goal of continuous improvement and increasing

shareholder value," he added.



About The Manitowoc Company



The Manitowoc Company, Inc. is one of the world's largest providers of lifting

equipment for the global construction industry, including lattice-boom cranes,

tower cranes, mobile telescopic cranes, and boom trucks. As a leading

manufacturer of ice-cube machines, ice/beverage dispensers, and commercial

refrigeration equipment, the company offers the broadest line of cold-focused

equipment in the foodservice industry. In addition, the company is a leading

provider of shipbuilding, ship repair, and conversion services for government,

military, and commercial customers throughout the U.S. maritime industry.



CONTACT:  Thomas G. Musial, Senior Vice President - Human Resources &

Administration of The Manitowoc Company, Inc., +1-920-652-1738



SOURCE The Manitowoc Company, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





