aa,PR Newswire,20111114,24:47,331838
                              157 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     November 14, 2011 Monday 12:47 PM EST



Waste Management Recycle America Facilities Achieve a Top Industry Designation

for Environmental Quality, Protection, Health and Safety and Security in

Electronics Recycling;

All seven North American eCycling service centers attain prestigious Basel

Action Network (BAN) e-Stewards速 certification.



LENGTH: 1092 words



DATELINE: HOUSTON, Nov. 14, 2011





WM Recycle America, L.L.C., a subsidiary of Waste Management, Inc. (NYSE: WM),

one of the largest waste services and residential recycling companies in North

America, today announced that all seven of its eCycling facilities have earned

certification to the e-Stewards Standard for Responsible Recycling and Reuse of

Electronic Equipment速. By operating seven e-Stewards-certified eCycling

facilities, WM Recycle America further strengthens its position as a leader in

recycling services. The e-Stewards速 certification program, created by the Basel

Action Network (BAN), formally recognizes electronics recyclers that adhere to

BAN's stringent environmentally and socially responsible practices when

recovering e-waste containing hazardous components.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20090219/WMLOGO)



Older electronics may contain potentially harmful materials such as lead,

mercury and cadmium, but also contain valuable materials that can be reclaimed

for use in new devices. To help ensure proper handling of this e-waste, this

certification requires participating companies to implement an environmental,

health and safety management system that tracks materials and helps reduce

emissions and worker exposure during electronics recycling operations. Companies

must exercise due diligence to help ensure safe and accountable handling of

e-waste throughout the recycling chain, both domestically and internationally.



"Residents and businesses demand more recycling services and options. Waste

Management meets those needs with a myriad of recycling solutions. Recycling is

a strategic part of our business portfolio and we are at the leading edge of

pulling value from the recycling material waste stream. We view waste not as

garbage, but instead as a valuable resource," said Pat DeRueda, president of WM

Recycle America. "We see eCycling as a fundamental service, and e-Stewards

certification is independent validation of our commitment to responsible

eCycling. By operating e-Stewards-certified eCycling facilities, Waste

Management is able to provide our customers with environmentally conscientious

recycling services."



e-Stewards certification is the only e-recycler certification endorsed by the

Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC), the Sierra Club, Greenpeace USA, the

Electronics TakeBack Coalition and 68 other environmental organizations. It has

also drawn the public support of major corporate e-Stewards Enterprises,

including Alcoa, Samsung, Bank of America, Capital One Financial Corp., LG

Electronics and Wells Fargo.



The e-Stewards standard prevents the export of e-waste containing hazardous

components to developing countries and does not allow the use of prison labor to

manage toxic e-waste, or the landfilling or incineration of toxic e-waste. It

also requires strict protection of customers' data and occupational health and

safety controls to protect workers involved in the recycling of this material.



"Certification of WM Recycle America's seven eCycling service centers is a very

important addition to the e-Stewards U.S. footprint, putting responsible

e-recycling in reach of many more individuals and organizations," said BAN

Executive Director Jim Puckett. "WM Recycle America's eCycling certifications

also support their partnership with LG, the first global e-Stewards Enterprise

having committed to using certified e-Stewards recyclers to ensure their

corporate asset management and take-back efforts are globally sustainable."



Electronics recycling is a fast-growing industry that creates high-paying, green

jobs and boosts the U.S. and global economy. According to the 2011 Electronics

Recycling Industry Survey速, the U.S. electronics recycling industry continues to

show tremendous growth and strong domestic capacity. The $5-billion-a-year

industry, which employs more than 30,000 full-time workers in the U.S.,

collected and processed over 3.5 million tons of used and end-of-life

electronics equipment in 2010, up from 1.8 million tons in 2009.



WM Recycle America's adoption of the e-Steward standard is a continuation of the

company's dedication to stringent e-waste processing standards. In 2002, the

company developed and published its own electronics-recycling stewardship pledge

to protect workers and the environment. Additionally, to encourage consumers to

dispose of electronic devices in an environmentally sound manner, in 2007 WM

Recycle America established an extensive network of drop-off locations. WM

Recycle America has also joined forces with LG Electronics USA and other

manufacturers in comprehensive programs that enable consumers to recycle their

unwanted LG, Zenith and GoldStar branded devices at no cost. Becoming a

certified e-Stewards recycler supports Waste Management's ongoing sustainability

program, particularly its commitment to manage 20 million tons of recyclables by

2020.



In support of America Recycles Day held on November 15, Waste Management is

hosting a series of activities nationwide, including facility tours, educational

efforts with Keep America Beautiful and a partner event with Anheuser- Busch at

Sun Life Stadium in Miami. To learn more and take the recycling pledge, visit

www.americarecyclesday.org. Please also share the creative ways in which you are

recycling on our Facebook Page or Twitter handle (@WasteManagement).



ABOUT WASTE MANAGEMENT



Waste Management, Inc., based in Houston, Texas, is one of the leading providers

of comprehensive waste management services in North America. Through its

subsidiaries, the company provides collection, transfer, recycling and resource

recovery, and disposal services. It is also one of the largest residential

recyclers and a leading developer, operator and owner of waste-to-energy and

landfill-gas-to-energy facilities in the United States. The company's customers

include residential, commercial, industrial and municipal customers throughout

North America. To learn more about Waste Management visit www.wm.com or

www.thinkgreen.com.



WM Recycle America, L.L.C. is a subsidiary of Waste Management and is one of the

largest recyclers in North America. WM Recycle America's business lines include

processing many types of consumer-generated recyclables and finding the best

markets for the recyclable commodities produced. In its capacity of providing

processing and marketing services, WM Recycle America offers a wide variety of

recycling options for municipal, manufacturing, commercial and residential

customers.



SOURCE Waste Management, Inc.







CONTACT:Tim Frost of Waste Management, +1-713-328-7545, tfrost@wm.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





