aa,PR Newswire,20081030,11:37,332147
                              466 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     October 30, 2008 Thursday 3:37 PM GMT



Lucian Leape Institute Thought Leaders Define Strategies for Patient Safety



LENGTH: 706 words



DATELINE: BOSTON Oct. 30





BOSTON, Oct. 30 /PRNewswire/ -- The Lucian Leape Institute at the National

Patient Safety Foundation has identified five strategic concepts designed to

accelerate the integration of critical patient safety imperatives into the

fabric of health care. These concepts challenge conventional wisdom, encourage

new ways of thinking, and provide a visionary approach to removing the

structural impediments to the adoption of patient safety solutions.



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20080307/AQF053LOGO )



These transforming concepts, thought to be essential to the success of patient

safety work and requiring system-level attention and action, include: reforming

medical education; enhanced consumer and patient involvement in patient care;

the expectation of full transparency in patient care; care integration in and

across health care organizations; and restoration of pride, meaning, and joy in

professional work.



"By scope and intent, these transformational directives for the field strive to

bring clarity to what is needed to drive change and ultimately deliver on the

promise of patient safety," explained Dr. Lucian Leape, a founding member of the

Institute and renowned leader in patient safety.



The Institute functions as a think tank dedicated to providing strategic vision

for the field, and distinguished members bring a wealth of knowledge to bear in

support of the Institute's efforts.



These thought leaders include Dr. Lucian Leape, Adjunct Professor of Health

Policy, Harvard School of Public Health; Dr. Donald Berwick, President and CEO,

Institute for Healthcare Improvement; Dr. Carolyn Clancy, Director, Agency for

Healthcare Research and Quality; James Conway, Senior Vice President, Institute

for Healthcare Improvement; James Guest, President, Consumer Union; Dr. David

Lawrence, Chairman and CEO (retired), Kaiser Foundation Health Plan and Kaiser

Foundation Hospitals; Julianne Morath, Chief Quality and Safety Officer,

Vanderbilt University Medical Center; Dr. Dennis O'Leary, President Emeritus,

The Joint Commission; Paul O'Neill, Former Chairman and CEO, Alcoa, and 72nd

Secretary of the U.S. Treasury; Dr. Paul Gluck, Immediate Past Chair, National

Patient Safety Foundation Board of Directors; and Diane Pinakiewicz, President,

National Patient Safety Foundation.



Ms. Pinakiewicz praised the Institute's leadership for "their unwavering

commitment to creating a safer heath care system, applying their extensive

experiences, expertise, and insights to not only create a vision for the future,

but to develop actionable recommendations to influence change."



Reform in Medical Education, the first concept addressed by the Institute, is

the subject of a Roundtable comprised of Institute members and invited experts.

"Medical education in the United States is heavily focused on the acquisition of

scientific and clinical facts," commented Dr. Leape, "but provides students with

little of the knowledge and skills they need to communicate and work effectively

with patients and colleagues."



Recommendations and calls to action from the Roundtable will be issued in an

Institute white paper, providing the strategic leverage necessary to influence

the system, create change, and offer needed focus and direction for those

working in the field.



About the Institute and National Patient Safety Foundation



The Lucian Leape Institute at the National Patient Safety Foundation was founded

in May 2007 to provide strategic direction for the field of patient safety.

Through its Roundtable process, the Institute will provide vision and context

for the many efforts already underway within the health care field and will call

for large-scale changes necessary to accelerate patient safety work. The Lucian

Leape Institute is a program of the National Patient Safety Foundation(R), an

independent not-for-profit 501(c)(3) organization that has been pursuing one

mission -- improving the safety of patients -- since its founding in 1997. For

more information, visit http://www.npsf.org/ .



CONTACT: Bernadette Lupo, of The Lucian Leape Institute at the National

Patient Safety Foundation, +1-413-663-2018, Blupo@npsf.org



Web site: http://www.npsf.org/



SOURCE The Lucian Leape Institute at the National Patient Safety Foundation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





