aa,PR Newswire,20121217,9:30,331683
                               2 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      December 17, 2012 Monday 9:30 AM EST



Zacks Earnings Preview: Alcoa, Oracle, FedEx, Discover Financial and Nike



LENGTH: 981 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, Dec. 17, 2012





Zacks.com releases the list of companies likely to issue earnings surprises.

This week's list includes Alcoa (NYSE:AA), Oracle (Nasdaq:ORCL), FedEx

(NYSE:FDX), Discover Financial (NYSE:DFS) andNike (NYSE:NKE).



(Logo:http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



To see more earnings analysis, visithttp://at.zacks.com/?id=3207.



Every day, Zacks.com makes 4 stock picks available, free of charge. To see them,

go tohttp://at.zacks.com/?id=3567.



Q4 Earnings Season Gets Underway



We are still some days away from what is 'unofficially' considered the start of

the fourth earnings season when aluminum producer Alcoa (NYSE: AA) reports

results on January 8th. But we 'officially' count all companies that have

financial quarters ending in November as part of our fourth quarter results

tally.



As such, while taking nothing away from Alcoa's first-to-report status, we will

be counting Tech giant Oracle's (Nasdaq:ORCL) earnings report after the close on

Tuesday as the start of the fourth quarter reporting season. And Oracle is not

alone; we have a total of 45 companies reporting results this week, including 16

S&P 500 members. Companies reporting results include FedEx (NYSE:FDX) on

Wednesday, and Discover Financial (NYSE:DFS) andNike (NYSE:NKE) on Thursday. But

in fairness to Alcoa, the reporting cycle each quarter really gets going after

it comes out with results.



Earnings expectations for the fourth quarter have been steadily coming down over

the last three months, but they still remain positive. At present, total

earnings for companies in the S&P 500 are expected to be up 1.2% from the same

period last year. This is a sharp drop from the roughly 7% earnings growth rate

that consensus expected just three months ago. That said, it is still a better

performance than what was expected in the third quarter just before the start of

that reporting cycle.



At this stage in the third quarter, total earnings were expected to be down 3.4%

from the same period last year. Actual results came out a little better than

that, with total third quarter earnings just barely in positive territory (up

only 0.1%) on essentially flat revenues (down 0.5%). Excluding Finance, total

earnings in the third quarter were down 3.9%, while total ex-Finance revenues

were down 1.1%.



Even the once-mighty Tech sector had barely positive earnings growth in the

third quarter (up only 0.5%), while Finance and Construction were the only

sectors with double-digit earnings growth. In total, half of the 16 Zacks

sectors had negative earnings comparisons in the third quarter. In the fourth

quarter, a total of 9 sectors will have negative earnings growth, with Tech

sector earnings expected to be down 4.6% from the same period last year.



Basic Materials is expected to see 12.2% earnings growth in the fourth quarter,

which will reverse a negative earnings growth over the preceding four quarters.

Hard to envision such a material turnaround in an economically sensitive sector,

but it's mostly a function of easy comparisons for companies in this group.



The market's focus will remain on the unresolved 'Fiscal Cliff' issue, but we do

have a number of top-tier economic reports on deck, including the November

Housing Starts report on Wednesday, Existing Home Sales on Thursday, and the

Personal Income & Outlays and Durable Goods reports on Friday.



Sheraz Mian is the Director of Research for Zacks.com.



About the Zacks Rank



Since 1988, the Zacks Rank has proven that "Earnings estimate revisions are the

most powerful force impacting stock prices." Since inception in 1988, #1 Rank

Stocks have generated an average annual return of +28%. During the 2000-2002

bear market, Zacks #1 Rank stocks gained +43.8%, while the S&P 500 tumbled

-37.6%. Also note that the Zacks Rank system has just as many Strong Sell

recommendations (Rank #5) as Strong Buy recommendations (Rank #1). Since 1988,

Zacks Rank #5 stocks have significantly underperformed the S&P 500 (+3% versus

+10%). Thus, the Zacks Rank system allows investors to truly manage portfolio

trading effectively.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter offers continuous coverage of the

industries and the stocks poised to outperform the market. Subscribe to this

free newsletter today by visitinghttp://at.zacks.com/?id=4988.



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Len Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in stock

market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his many

accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system; the

Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1 margin.

The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market insights

of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit

from the Pros.  In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED

to be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the

Pros by going tohttp://at.zacks.com/?id=3568.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/ZacksInvestmentResearch



Zacks Investment Research is under common control with affiliated entities

(including a broker-dealer and an investment adviser), which may engage in

transactions involving the foregoing securities for the clients of such

affiliates.



Visithttp://www.zacks.com/performancefor information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Contact: Sheraz Mian



Company: Zacks.com



Phone: 312-265-9211



Email:pr@zacks.com



Visit:http://www.Zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





