
                              802 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                          September 23, 2004 Thursday



Alcoa Home Exteriors Unveils Insulated Siding;

First Premium Siding Permanently Bonded with Dow STYROFOAM



SECTION: LIFESTYLE



LENGTH: 711 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH Sept. 23





According to the U.S. Department of Energy, heating and cooling your home uses

more energy and drains more energy dollars than any other system in your home.

Almost 50 percent of the average utility bill goes toward heating and cooling.

Air tends to move from warm to cool places - in winter, the warm inside air

escapes outside, while in the summer, the warm outdoor air creeps indoors. This

results in heating and cooling systems that must work harder to maintain a

comfortable environment.



(Photo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20040923/NYFNSR06 )



To address this problem, Alcoa Home Exteriors, Inc., a U.S. manufacturer of

building products, introduces a new generation of insulated siding --

Structure(TM). Structure is the first premium siding permanently bonded to

STYROFOAM(R) brand extruded polypropylene (XPP) foam from Dow, a recognized

leader in insulation.



Among the many ways homeowners can attempt to reduce these costs and create an

energy-efficient home is proper insulation. Insulation helps reduce the airflow,

protects against air infiltration, and controls moisture, which can dramatically

reduce utility bills. In addition to energy savings, Structure reinforced siding

offers superior noise reduction, water resistance, superior strength, style and

performance.



When properly installed on a home, Structure insulated siding can improve the

R-Value (resistance to heat flow) of exterior walls by up to 25 percent. This

results in lower energy costs and improved climate control -- keeping a home

warmer during cold months and cooler in hot temperatures.Structure insulates the

entire home exterior -- even over wood framing where heat loss can be

significant. Another key benefit of the innovative siding line is its ability to

block sound. Structure reduces high frequency noise and wind sounds by up to 50

percent.



Recognizing its superior insulating properties, buoyancy and "unsinkability,"

the U.S. Coast Guard first used STYROFOAM brand foam from Dow in 1942 in a

six-man life raft. Structure's XPP STYROFOAM has a cellular structure that

resists moisture, which can compromise the integrity and effectiveness of

insulation products. Structure has an extremely low moisture absorption rate,

compared to other foam backed siding products.



In recent tests, XPP foam exhibits 42 times less water absorption than expanded

polystyrene (EPS foam), a foam commonly used in insulated siding. When exposed

to moisture and freeze/thaw cycles over time, Structure's XPP foam backing

retains up to 97 percent of its R-Value, compared to only 36 percent for EPS

foam.



With 30 percent more impact resistance than standard EPS foam, Dow XPP STYROFOAM

gives Structure added rigidity and aesthetic appeal. Structure locks securely

with Alcoa's patented T3-Lok System. The superior locking system is designed to

tighten under pressure, so panels stay securely locked together and are capable

of withstanding 160 mph winds.



Structure is available in two profiles -- traditional double 6" and wide- style

single 7" planks. The insulated siding system features an authentic woodgrain

pattern and is offered in a variety of colors. Structure's darker hues are

formulated with GELOY, GE Plastics' high-performance resin, which adds extra UV

protection for optimal fade resistance.



Structure insulated siding is backed with Alcoa Home Exteriors Registered

Medallion Lifetime Warranty. For information on Structure or other Alcoa

products, visit Alcoa Home Exteriors at AlcoaHomes.com or call (800) 962-6973.



Headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA, Alcoa Home Exteriors, Inc., a wholly owned

subsidiary of Alcoa, is a leading U.S. manufacturer of vinyl and aluminum

products for the remodeling and new construction markets. Alcoa Home Exteriors

offers 43 years of experience in manufacturing and marketing a broad selection

of exterior building products, including siding, shutters & window treatments,

soffit & fascia, and designer accents. Alcoa Home Exteriors operates

manufacturing, training and warehousing facilities in Ohio, Pennsylvania,

Virginia, South Carolina, Texas and Georgia. For more information, visit

http://www.alcoahomes.com or call (800) 962-6973.



SOURCE Alcoa Home Exteriors, Inc.



CONTACT: Michelle Cragle of Elias-Savion Advertising, +1-412-642-7700



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO HOME AND GARDEN, ENERGY AND FEATURES EDITORS



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





