aa,PR Newswire,20090724,8:00,332041
                              360 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        July 24, 2009 Friday 8:00 AM EST



Foundation Radiology Group Builds Sales and Marketing Teams for Projected

Record-Year Growth



LENGTH: 806 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH, July 24





PITTSBURGH, July 24 /PRNewswire/ -- Foundation Radiology Group (FRG), the

premier provider of diagnostic imaging professional services headquartered in

downtown Pittsburgh, is pleased to announce the addition of Jim Yamshak, Senior

Vice President of Sales, and Gretchen Connelly, Director of Marketing, to the

FRG team.



Jim Yamshak, a 17-year healthcare services veteran, brings a wealth of industry

experience to the FRG team. Most recently, Mr. Yamshak served as Senior Vice

President of Sales for Emageon, Inc., where he played a significant role in

restructuring the company's sales strategy and team in preparation for their

sale to Amicas in April 2009.



Mr. Yamshak began his career at Emageon in 2002, as Senior Director of Sales for

the Midwest Region. In this role, he continually met and exceeded his annual

sales goal of $11M in annual revenue, receiving the company's highest sales

awards for four consecutive years. Mr. Yamshak brought in 12 new, large hospital

systems from 2002-2005, which accounted for 45% of Emageon's entire company

contracted backlog revenue, and was instrumental in increasing the company's

annual revenues from $1.8M in 2001, to $120M in 2006. He was then promoted to

Vice President of Sales, East Region, where he successfully managed a

nine-member sales team with a regional quota of $55,M which focused on

increasing new business sales and expanding business within the existing product

lines.



Prior to his time with Emageon, Mr. Yamshak held the position of Area Sales

Director for Alliance Imaging, Inc., where he was a key player in increasing the

Southern Region's annual revenue from $11M in 1992 to $49M in 2001.



Mr. Yamshak holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from

Auburn University.



"Jim has had incredible success in the healthcare industry throughout his

career, and we are extremely pleased to have him lead our sales team," said

Brandon W. Chan, M.D., Chairman and CEO, Foundation Radiology Group. "We have

set aggressive goals for FRG's growth this year, and we know that Jim can help

us to not only reach, but exceed those goals."



Gretchen Connelly brings ten years of advertising, marketing and communication

experience to her role as Marketing Director for FRG. Most recently, Ms.

Connelly served as a Project and Program Manager for The Abreon Group, an

education and communication consulting firm servicing Fortune 500 companies. In

this role, Ms. Connelly directed internal project teams on large-scale

communication and education initiatives. While with The Abreon Group, Ms.

Connelly's client list included Westinghouse, Federal Express, US Airways,

Limited Brands, Procter & Gamble, Respironics, UPMC, Alcoa and Synthes.



Prior to her work with The Abreon Group, Ms. Connelly spent several years

working as a Project Manager for Blattner Brunner (now Brunner), one of

Pittsburgh's largest, full-service advertising agencies. While at Blattner

Brunner, Ms. Connelly worked primarily in interactive advertising, for clients

such as Dow Chemicals, GlaxoSmithKline (consumer line), General Dynamics and The

United Way Pittsburgh.



Ms. Connelly holds a Bachelor of Arts in Communications Media and Journalism,

and a Master of Arts in Adult Education and Communication Technology, both from

the Indiana University of Pennsylvania.



"Gretchen brings the unique perspective of a career of client services to this

position," said Timothy J. Pisula, COO, Foundation Radiology Group. "Because she

has been on the client service side, Gretchen understands the bigger picture of

defining marketing initiatives, and seeing them through, which is a perfect fit

for our needs."



About Foundation Radiology Group



Headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA, the Foundation Radiology Group's mission is to

build the pre-eminent diagnostic imaging, radiology service bureau and physician

practice group in the United States. FRG uses state-of-the-art PACS technology,

a unique, efficient workflow system, based on its hybrid-staffing model,

carrier-grade telecommunications infrastructure and the Internet to provide the

fastest turnaround times in the industry for diagnostic imaging reads. FRG is

focused on serving non-university affiliated health care institutions, with an

emphasis on serving the rural and suburban hospital segment. It seeks multi-year

exclusive contracts for the daytime and 7X24X365 radiology in full-service

bureaus. The Group's administrative office, data processing and primary

diagnostic imaging reading center are located in Three Gateway Center, in

downtown Pittsburgh, where Board-certified radiologists are available 24 hours a

day. For more information on FRG and all of its recently hired employees visit

http://www.frg-rad.com/.



SOURCE Foundation Radiology Group







CONTACT:Gretchen Connelly of Foundation Radiology Group, +1-412-223-2272,

GConnelly@FRG-RAD.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





