aa,PR Newswire,20090910,8:00,332030
                              349 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                    September 10, 2009 Thursday 8:00 AM EST



AEES Launches New Brand Identity, Marks New Vision as a Stand-Alone Global

Supplier



LENGTH: 606 words



DATELINE: FARMINGTON HILLS, Mich., Sept. 10





FARMINGTON HILLS, Mich., Sept. 10 /PRNewswire/ -- AEES -- a world leader in the

design, development and production of high-quality electrical and electronic

distribution systems for commercial and personal vehicles -- today launched its

new brand identity, which celebrates the company's rich heritage while

supporting its new strategic direction as a focused, stand-alone business.



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20090910/DE72673LOGO)



The launch was announced by Frank Sovis, who was recently named president and

chief executive officer for AEES. The company, formerly part of Alcoa's

Electrical and Electronic Solutions business, was acquired by Platinum Equity on

June 13, 2009.



"AEES, our new brand identity, is the culmination of insight we sought from our

customers, employees and suppliers in order to better reflect their perspectives

in our brand positioning," said Sovis. "During the process, we learned that we

should build upon our company's strong image, culture and heritage, rather than

replace it. As a result, our new identity has a strong connection to our past,

but is represented in a bold, new way to suggest our approach to the future."



The new AEES logo features "AEES" in bold block letters, representing the

company's solid foundation. The letters tilt forward to express momentum and

carry a deep red tone to reflect strength, energy, passion and confidence. The

supporting "swoosh" provides momentum and represents the road the company has

traveled. It begins with a connection to the past and moves through the letters

AEES to emerge as a straight road to the future. The incorporated tagline,

"enabling power," underscores the company's name and strategic mission.



To ensure that the new identity aligned with the company's culture and

direction, the process to create the new brand involved in-depth research and

interviews with customers, employees, suppliers and other stakeholders around

the world, according to Sovis.



With today's launch, the AEES name is being adopted widely across the company's

operations, with the exception of a few locations where legal clearances have

not yet been secured.



About AEES



With global sales of $1.2 billion in 2008, AEES is headquartered in Farmington

Hills, Mich. and operates 32 locations in 12 countries with approximately 17,000

employees. Founded in 1955, AEES has grown to become a world leader in the

design, development and production of high-quality electrical and electronic

distribution systems for commercial and light vehicles manufactured around the

globe. Among its worldwide portfolio of brands are such respected names as AFL,

DixieWire (wire), EPC (connectors) and GTS (terminals). Visit the company's

Website at www.aeesinc.com.



About Platinum Equity



Platinum Equity (www.platinumequity.com) is a global M&A&O(R) firm specializing

in the merger, acquisition and operation of companies that provide services and

solutions to customers in a broad range of business markets, including

information technology, telecommunications, logistics, metals services,

manufacturing and distribution. Since its founding in 1995 by Tom Gores,

Platinum Equity has completed nearly 100 acquisitions with more than $27.5

billion in aggregate annual revenue at the time of acquisition.



Editor's Note: M&A&O(R) is a registered trademark of Platinum Equity LLC.



The AEES logo is available at www.aeesinc.com



SOURCE AEES







CONTACT:Global, Rico Mutone, AEES, +1-248-489-4987, Rico.mutone@alcoa.com; North

America, Adriana Ferrari, Bianchi PR, +1-248-269-1122, aferrari@bianchipr.com;

Europe, Thomas Apfelbacher, AFL Europe GmbH, +49 7022 940 443,

Thomas.Apfelbacher@alcoa.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





