aa,PR Newswire,20110927,14:52,331860
                              179 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     September 27, 2011 Tuesday 2:52 PM EST



U.S.-Russia Business Council 19th Annual Meeting: "Russia on the Cusp"



LENGTH: 542 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, Sept. 27, 2011





October 4-5, 2011, Swissotel, 323 East Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL 60601



On October 4-5, 2011 the U.S.-Russia Business Council will hold its 19th Annual

Meeting at the Swissotel in Chicago, IL.



Media representatives must pre-register to attend this event: registration



The annual meeting of global business and political leaders takes place at an

important moment in U.S.-Russia relations, as negotiations on Russia's bid to

join the WTO have entered their final phases and as both countries head into an

election year. The meeting will feature panels exploring Russia's investment

climate and competitiveness, with a specific focus on: energy, privatization of

state-owned enterprises, reform of the financial sector, industrial policy and

workforce issues.



"We are at an inflection point in U.S.-Russia relations where we have an

opportunity to cement bilateral commercial ties through Russia's WTO accession,"

said USRBC Chairman and Alcoa Chairman & CEO Klaus Kleinfeld. "I am delighted

that First Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov and Deputy Secretary of State

Bill Burns will join U.S. and Russian business leaders at this event."



As Moscow's sister city, Chicago serves as a powerful example for how a

commodity based economy can transform into a world-class financial services and

technology hub. The USRBC program will also examine the significant efforts

occurring at Russia's sub-national level to create an innovative economy, where

new opportunities exist for American companies.



"We are very pleased to have among our speakers the representatives of regional

governments who have made attracting foreign investment a priority in their

administrations, including Governor of the Chelyabinsk Region Mikhail Yurievich

and Governor of the Irkutsk Region Dmitry Mezentsev," said Ed Verona, president

and CEO of the U.S.-Russia Business Council.



Among the Annual Meeting speakers are top-level Russian and U.S. government

officials, industry and academic experts, including:



Igor I. Shuvalov, First Deputy Prime Minister, Russian Federation

William J. Burns, Deputy Secretary, U.S. Department of State

Klaus Kleinfeld, Chairman and CEO, Alcoa

Ian Read, President and CEO, Pfizer

Nikolai Kosov, First Deputy Chairman, Vnesheconombank

Christopher Wilson, Assistant U.S. Trade Representative for WTO and Multilateral

Affairs, Office of the U.S. Trade Representative

Oleg Fomichev, Deputy Minister, Ministry of Economic Development of the RF

Sean Mulvaney, Member, Board of Directors, Export-Import Bank of the United

States



The following sessions will be open for press: Agenda for PRESS



Full list of speakers and additional details can be found at USRBC Annual

Meeting 2011 .



When: October 4-5, 2011



Where: Swissotel

323 East Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL 60601



RSVP: Media representatives must pre-register to attend this event.

Please register by Friday, September 30 at PRESS registration



The USRBC (www.usrbc.org) is a Washington-based association representing

approximately 250 companies, among them some of the leading firms in the U.S.,

Russia and Europe. Founded in 1993, its primary mission is to promote trade and

investment between the United States and Russia.



Questions: Svetlana Minjack, sminjack@usrbc.org, tel: 202-277-7838



SOURCE U.S.-Russia Business Council



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





