aa,PR Newswire,20121022,9:54,331706
                              25 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      October 22, 2012 Monday 9:54 AM EST



Leading Investment Service Previews Earnings for Amazon.com, Facebook, Panera

Bread, Coach & Others



LENGTH: 521 words



DATELINE: PRINCETON, N.J., Oct. 22, 2012





 The Bull Market Report ("BMR") ( http://www.bullmarket.com ), an online

investment newsletter focused on long-term growth and income-generating stocks,

has provided subscribers with earnings previews of several stocks in a new

40-page report, including Amazon.com (Nasdaq: AMZN), Facebook (Nasdaq: FB),

Panera Bread (Nasdaq: PNRA), Coach (NYSE: COH), and Potash (NYSE: POT), among

others.



Each quarter, BMR publishes at least six weekly earnings previews covering

approximately 50 popular stocks, giving investors both long-term and short-term

opinions to help shape their investment strategy.



Among the stocks BMR was positive ahead of Q3 earnings thus far were eBay and

Cree, while BMR warned investors to expect negative reactions to the earnings of

Chipotle, IBM, Intel, Alcoa and Wells Fargo, among others.



To get ahead of the Wall Street curve and receive BMR's latest reports for free,

including its earnings previews, you are invited to take a free, 14-day, no

obligation trial with BullMarket.com.  For full details on this offer, please

visit the following link:



https://www.bullmarket.com/subscribe/pr/?refer=EPP95p



In its earnings previews, BMR:



provides historical earnings data and EPS trends examines past investor

reactions to earnings in various contexts gives options activity analysis

provides channel check data when available reviews previous-quarter earnings and

gives an opinion on both what earnings will look like and how investors will

react based on the aforementioned data points



BMR is known for helping investors generate strong returns without taking

outsized risks. Whether you're a growth, value, or income investor, or you like

large-cap or small-caps stocks, BMR is able to help you find winners across

various sectors. Among some of BMR's current or recent winners include Apple (up

over 850% in two stints), McDonald's (up about 450%), Enterprise Products

Partners (up over 200%), and Synovis Life Technologies (taken out for a 73%

gain).



BMR's Recommended List, meanwhile, has generated solid returns in both good

markets and bad, outperforming the S&P by over 45% since the start of the Great

Recession in 2008.



About BullMarket.com:



Launched in 1997, BullMarket.com has a strong track record of creating wealth

for its subscribers by providing sound, long-term investing advice. The

BullMarket.com Recommended List includes about 50 companies across all major

industries, including Financials, Healthcare, Energy, Technology, and Retail,

among others. BullMarket.com is one of the oldest continuously published

investment newsletters online, and its Recommended List has consistently

outperformed the major market indices.



NOTE: This release was published by Indie Research Advisors, LLC (CRD #131926),

a registered investment advisor with the NASD and State of NJ. Past performance

does not guarantee future results. Investors should always research companies

and securities before making any investments. Nothing herein should be construed

as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security.



Contact:



Indie Research Advisors, LLC[#x2028]



Marcie Martin, +1-888-278-5515



SOURCE Indie Research Advisors, LLC



LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





