aa,PR Newswire US,20061117,16:00,332337
                              656 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      November 17, 2006 Friday 9:00 PM GMT



Selectica Receives Nasdaq Notice Regarding Delayed Filing Of Form 10-Q



LENGTH: 759 words



DATELINE: SAN JOSE, Calif. Nov. 17





SAN JOSE, Calif., Nov. 17  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Selectica (NASDAQ:SLTC)

today announced that on November 14, 2006, the Company received a letter from

the Nasdaq Stock Market stating that Selectica is not in compliance with the

continued listing requirements of Nasdaq's Marketplace Rule 4310(c)(14).  The

letter was issued in accordance with Nasdaq regulations because of the Company's

failure to timely file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC")

its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30,

2006.  The letter stated that due to the noncompliance, Selectica's common stock

is subject to delisting from the Nasdaq Stock Market at the opening of business

on November 24, 2006 unless the Company requests a hearing in accordance with

the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules.



As previously announced, Selectica's Board of Directors has formed a Special

Committee to conduct a voluntarily review of its historical stock option grants.

As a result of this ongoing review of stock option granting practices, the

Company has delayed filing its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal

quarter ended September 30, 2006.  The Company intends to file on Form 10-Q with

the SEC as soon as possible after the completion of the independent review of

past stock option granting practices.



Selectica plans to request a hearing before a Nasdaq Listing Qualifications

Panel (the "Panel") for continued listing on the Nasdaq National Market.

Pending a decision by the Panel, shares of Selectica's common stock will

continue to be listed on the Nasdaq National Market.  There can be no assurance

that the Panel will grant the Company's request for continued listing.



About Selectica, Inc.



Founded in 1996, Selectica (NASDAQ:SLTC) provides its customers with Enterprise

Contract Lifecycle Management solutions that improve financial performance by

focusing on revenue optimization.



Selectica customers represent leaders in manufacturing, technology, healthcare

and telecommunications, including: ABB, Alcoa, Applied Bio Systems, Bell Canada,

Cisco, General Electric, Fireman's Fund Insurance Company, Hitachi,

International Paper, Juniper Networks, Rockwell Automation, Seton Hospital,

Tellabs, Time Warner, Triad Hospitals and 7-Eleven.  Selectica is headquartered

in San Jose, CA.  For more information, visit the company's Web site at

http://www.selectica.com/ .



  Contact:  Tony Rossi, Financial Relations Board for Selectica

             310-854-8317,  trossi@financialrelationsboard.com



   Forward Looking Statements





The statements contained in this release that are not purely historical are

forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities

and Exchange Act of 1934, including statements regarding Selectica's and its

customers' expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies regarding the

future and expectations regarding performance improvements or increases in sales

attributable to Selectica's existing and new products.  All forward-looking

statements included in this release are based upon information available to

Selectica as of the date hereof, and Selectica assumes no obligation to update

any such forward-looking statement. Actual results could differ materially from

current expectations.  Factors that could cause or contribute to such

differences include, but are not limited to, (i) market and customer acceptance

of new products of Selectica, including the on-demand contract management and

sales execution products and the applications developed with joint venture

partners, (ii) the success of the ongoing restructuring of Selectica's

operations, (iii) the conclusions resulting from the independent review of the

Company's past stock option granting practices, (iv) the Company's inability to

file periodic reports in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,

(iv) the inability of the Company to avoid delisting from the Nasdaq Stock

Market due to non-compliance with Marketplace rules, (v) and potential

regulatory inquiries and litigation relating to the review of past stock

granting practices and any related restatement of the Company's financial

statements and (vi) other factors and risks discussed in Selectica's Annual

Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2006 and in other

reports filed by Selectica with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



CONTACT:  Tony Rossi of Financial Relations Board, +1-310-854-8317,

 trossi@financialrelationsboard.com , for Selectica



Web site:   http://www.selectica.com/



SOURCE Selectica, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





