aa,PR Newswire,20110131,7:30,331948
                              267 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      January 31, 2011 Monday 7:30 AM EST



TransDigm Group Divests Fastener Business



LENGTH: 376 words



DATELINE: CLEVELAND, Jan. 31, 2011





CLEVELAND, Jan. 31, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- TransDigm Group Incorporated (NYSE:

TDG), a leading global designer, producer and supplier of highly engineered

aircraft components, announced today that it has entered into a definitive

agreement to sell its fastener businesses to Alcoa, Inc. (NYSE: AA) for

approximately $240 million. The TransDigm fastener business, which was acquired

in December 2010 as part of the McKechnie Aerospace acquisition, is made up of

Valley-Todeco Inc. located in Sylmar, CA, and Linread Ltd. located in the United

Kingdom. The business designs and manufactures fasteners, fastening systems and

bearings for commercial, military and general aviation aircraft.



W. Nicholas Howley, TransDigm Group's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

commented, "We are pleased to have an agreement for the divestiture of the

fastener business to Alcoa. This is a high quality, well established aerospace

fastener business. However the products fit much better with Alcoa's product

portfolio and ongoing strategy than with TransDigm's. We are confident that our

customers will be well served."



The divestiture, which is expected to close within the next sixty days, is

subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.



About TransDigm Group



TransDigm Group, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, is a leading global

designer, producer and supplier of highly engineered aircraft components for use

on nearly all commercial and military aircraft in service today. Major product

offerings, substantially all of which are ultimately provided to end-users in

the aerospace industry, include mechanical/electro-mechanical actuators and

controls, ignition systems and engine technology, specialized pumps and valves,

power conditioning devices, specialized AC/DC electric motors and generators,

aircraft audio systems, specialized cockpit displays, engineered latching and

locking devices, specialized lavatory components, engineered connectors and

elastomers, rods and locking devices, NiCad batteries/chargers, and lighting and

control technology.

Contact:                                                 Jonathan D. Crandall

                                                           Investor Relations

                                                               (216) 706-2945

                                                             ir@transdigm.com



SOURCE TransDigm Group Incorporated







CONTACT:Jonathan D. Crandall, Investor Relations, +1-216-706-2945,

ir@transdigm.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





