aa,PR Newswire,20111207,7:30,331829
                              148 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     December 7, 2011 Wednesday 7:30 AM EST



'The Certainty of Uncertainty' Dominates Electric Utility Leader Discussions at

EUCG's Fall Workshop



LENGTH: 1270 words



DATELINE: RESTON, Va., Dec. 7, 2011





The future of the United States electric utility industry is fraught with

regulatory, economic and competitive uncertainty, and that trend will continue

for the foreseeable future, industry leaders discussed during the EUCG Fall

Workshop in Indianapolis.



EUCG, a global association of energy and electric utility professionals, meets

semiannually to discuss current and emerging industry issues, share best

practices and exchange data for benchmarking purposes. The association is in its

38th year of service to the power generation industry.



"The sheer volume of regulatory rulemaking that we are needing to consider as we

formulate our strategic and operational plans today is unprecedented in our

industry," remarked EUCG President George W. Sharp from American Electric Power

(NYSE: AEP). New rules that govern the Clean Air Act continue to be drafted by

the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and reviewed by industry

stakeholders, which often leads to wide and varied responses by interested

parties. Timelines for implementation of draft rules, including the specifics

for compliance, continue to shift as more and more stakeholders express their

opinions during the rulemaking process. "The only certainty we have going

forward is that our industry will be confronting large amounts of uncertainty

for the foreseeable future," Sharp said.



The Fukushima, Japan, nuclear incident also has cast uncertainty on the future

and role of nuclear power in the United States and the world. "We believe the

events at the Fukushima Nuclear Plant in Japan earlier this year have created a

short-term crisis of confidence about nuclear power, but we are very confident

that public perceptions worldwide will shift back in favor of nuclear generation

as the actual impact of the incident becomes better understood, and we implement

lessons throughout our industry," said David Ward, chairperson of EUCG's Nuclear

Committee from Duke Energy (NYSE: DUK).



The workshop's opening remarks were provided by Greg Fennig, vice president of

public affairs for Indianapolis Power & Light Company (parent company - NYSE:

AES). Fennig provided a first-hand account of how the current EPA rulemaking is

impacting IPL's operations and how the utility intends to manage the capital

investment and compliance uncertainty of the draft rules. Fennig also provided

an overview of IPL and its role as an integral player in the economy and

community, as well as the impact it makes by providing low-cost power within a

framework of environment stewardship.



This year's keynote speaker was Thad Ewald, vice president, corporate strategy

and business development, Cummins, Inc. (NYSE: CMI), an Indiana-based company

that delivers power solutions through the design, manufacture, distribution and

service of diesel engines, generators and related technologies. Ewald spoke on

"Performance Improvement to Increase Customer Value," an overview of the

strategies and actions that transformed Cummins into the global company that it

is today. The company's vision, "Making people's lives better by unleashing the

power of Cummins," underscores the emphasis that Cummins places on being a good

corporate citizen by improving the communities where employees live and work

while making high-quality products. Ewald's presentation represented EUCG's

practice of benchmarking with top performing non-utility industries. "The

perspective offered by Mr. Ewald and Cummins in the keynote was refreshing, and

provided a unique forum for information exchange and mutual benefit between

different industries, " said Bill Bunker, EUCG Emerging Issues Director,

formerly with Alcoa (NYSE: AA). "Mr. Ewald certainly delivered an outstanding

and thought-provoking presentation."



EUCG committees held forums to discuss current events and what the future will

bring to the utility technologies.



Nuclear Committee: The Nuclear Committee, chaired by Ward of Duke Energy,

focused on many areas, including task team reports, using the Nuclear Integrated

Information Database to improve benchmarking, and an "open forum" addressing

nuclear issues. One of the highlights of the forum was a presentation by a joint

task force team about the impacts of the Fukushima incident on the global

nuclear industry. The team provided a summary of the chronology of the incident,

the impacts on the environment, regional politics and related industry

financials. Fossil Committee: Meeting, planning and benchmarking were the main

issues of the Fossil Forum led by Committee Chairman John Huggins, Southern

Company (NYSE: SO). They discussed the Safety Case Study of the Ash System

Accident at the Fayette Power Plant and gave an update on the biomass generation

development environmental regulation. Benchmarking presentations included

results of a railcar maintenance survey, given by Brian Seiler, City Public

Service Energy, and results of a benchmarking methods and practices survey,

given by Lucritia White, Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA). Best performer awards

were presented to large and small coal plants for their efforts in managing

total operations and maintenance costs, as well as their equivalent forced

outage rate from 2006 to 2010. Southern Company's Plant Miller received the

award for the large coal plant category, and TVA's Gallatin Fossil Plant

received the award for the small coal plant category. Information Technology

(IT) Committee: The IT Forum structured its meeting to provide updates on

mobility trends, benchmarking results and task team reports. A presentation on

IT Disaster Recovery Practices was given by Charlie Rater, CenterPoint Energy,

and Ron Dick, Omaha Public Power District. Hydroelectric Committee:

Hydroelectric Committee Chairman Jim Miller from TVA presented the opening

remarks and introductions for the forum. One of the main topics discussed was

the 2010 leading/lagging performers and results of various surveys, which

included high availability survey results, staffing survey results and capital

expenditure results. Transmission and Distribution (T&D) Committee: Chaired by

Joe Martucci, PSE&G (NYSE: PEG), the T&D Committee focused on a variety of

current issues, including the aging infrastructure vs. High Impact Low

Probability Events, and best practice safety and reliability. They presented an

update on the Columbus Smart Grid.



The conference, held Oct. 3 through Oct. 5, attracted more than 100 electric

utility professionals from various utility technologies all over the world. "We

are extremely grateful for the commitment from all of our members and

participants," Sharp said.



The next EUCG Conference will be held in Austin, Texas on April 15-18, 2012, at

the Omni Austin Hotel Downtown. For more information, please visit the EUCG

website, www.eucg.org.



About EUCG: EUCG is a global non-profit association of energy and electric

utility professionals who discuss current and emerging industry issues, share

best practices and exchange data for benchmarking purposes. The 38 year old

association is organized into committees that represent specific utility

functions: Fossil, Nuclear, Hydroelectric, Transmission & Distribution, and

Information Technology. Members attend semiannual workshops that focus on

strategic planning, maintenance practices, operations management, outage

management and various other aspects of the electric utility business.

Membership is open to all utility companies and professionals worldwide.

Interested parties should contact Don Kaiser, EUCG Executive Director, at (703)

234-4116 or Kaiser@eucg.org



SOURCE EUCG







CONTACT:CONTACT: George W. Sharp, EUCG President, +1-614-716-2791,

gwsharp@aep.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





