aa,PR Newswire,20100830,19:30,331976
                              295 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       August 30, 2010 Monday 7:30 PM EST



Pellissippi Place Opens, Anchors High Tech Future of Knoxville-Oak Ridge

Innovation Valley®



LENGTH: 1264 words



DATELINE: MARYVILLE, Tenn. and ALCOA, Tenn., Aug. 30





MARYVILLE, Tenn. and ALCOA, Tenn., Aug. 30 /PRNewswire/ -- By any economic

development measure, 450-acre Pellissippi Place, which elected officials opened

in a dramatic evening "Lighting of the Park" ceremony Aug. 30, represents the

Knoxville-Oak Ridge Innovation Valley® at its most ambitious. Stunning new

signage makes it clear that Pellissippi Place is now open for business.



The overarching goal of Pellissippi Place is to accelerate the Knoxville-Oak

Ridge Innovation Valley's already considerable high tech momentum and, in the

process, create 21st century jobs. Long term plans call for a combination of

tech-based businesses and research companies, quality hotels and conference

centers, residential dwellings, river features, biking-hiking trails and retail

stores.



Located off of I-140 south of Knoxville, and across from Clayton Home's

corporate headquarters, the park offers a sweeping vision for the future - one

that reflects the region's sense of optimism and eagerness to work together.

With the opening of Phase I - the front 80 acres -- elected officials, business

leaders and the economic development community say they have created one of the

South's finest business addresses.



Blount and Knox Counties and the cities of Maryville and Alcoa, Tennessee,

invested $5 million each to buy and develop the site. Such a level of

cooperation between city and county governments is exactly what is needed,

economic developers say, to leverage an entire region's assets and to attract

investment and succeed in the global economy.



New Website



Artists' drawings on the park's website, www.pellissippiplace.com, show how the

emerging community will look someday - complete with river walks, tastefully

designed structures and pedestrian bridges. The website also describes the types

of research and development firms sought for the park and contains details about

office space, available properties and long term site plans.



Comprehensive Planning



Planning such an ambitious project has taken years of work. What has emerged is

a detailed usage plan that coordinates the look and feel of every aspect of

Pellissippi Place. Structures, landscapes and work sites merge seamlessly, with

the common thread being stewardship of the environment. The emphasis is on

carefully planned, high quality growth within a coordinated, environmentally

sensitive design scheme. All buildings will be LEED certified. LEED (Leadership

in Environmental Engineering & Design) guidelines from the U.S. Green Building

Council require the highest levels of energy efficiency in building design.



The entire project got a major boost last week with the announcement by Gov.

Phil Bredesen that the State of Tennessee has awarded a $324,000 grant to build

a 10-foot wide greenway connecting the award-winning Alcoa/Maryville Greenway to

Pellissippi Place. The grant is made possible through a federally-funded program

administered by the Tennessee Department of Transportation.



Pellissippi Place's location itself was carefully chosen for its beauty and

quick access to



McGhee Tyson AirportEast-West I-40, North-South I-75, I-140 (Pellissippi

Parkway) and Highway 129 (Alcoa Highway) Great Smoky Mountains National ParkOak

Ridge National Laboratoryengineering and high tech expertise throughout the

Innovation Valleythe University of Tennessee campus and its much-anticipated

research farm, and,the cities of Maryville, Alcoa, Knoxville and Oak Ridge.



In keeping with the mixed-use concept, Pellissippi Place eventually could offer

retail professional office and entertainment venues, six restaurants, a cinema,

hotel and 800,000 square feet of retail space, which would also accommodate an

anchor store. Retailers could draw an estimated 70 percent of their sales from

the 300,000 residents living within a 15 to 20 minutes drive of the park.



There is a heavy emphasis on recruiting research and development companies, but

to avoid sprawl, guidelines already in place encourage compact, multi-story

construction and careful integration of all buildings into an overall

modernistic aesthetic. One requirement, for instance, is that structures must

connect to the park's greenway system. In return for following the guidelines,

investors become paying and voting members of the owners and occupants

association.



Upscale condominiums in Pellissippi Place's urban-inspired design will enable

business professionals to live within walking/biking distance of their jobs and

the park's leisure time amenities.



Open for Business



Opening ceremonies took place this week against a backdrop of growing interest

in the cutting edge park. Molecular Pathology, a Maryville, Tennessee-based

biomedical firm, plans to construct a 33,000-square-foot building.



The Tennessee Department of Transportation (TDOT) has also committed to widening

State Route 33. That improves access to Pellissippi Parkway (I-140) and

alleviates rush hour traffic congestion along the state road.



Leveraging the Region's Combined Assets



The Innovation Valley is a recognized leader in researching, developing and

commercializing new technologies in such fields as energy storage, carbon fiber,

bioenergy, instrumentation, advanced materials for the solar industry, nuclear

component manufacturing and advances in many other nationally-identified

priority areas.



Business Facilities magazine just ranked Tennessee State of the Year winner,

saying the state "has laid the foundation for robust growth in automotive

manufacturing and clearly established itself as one of the players to watch in

the alternative energy sector." The business publication, which is closely read

by business decision makers and the economic development community nationwide,

in particular praised the Innovation Valley's high tech expertise and many

business collaborations with Oak Ridge National Laboratory.



Investors come to the Innovation Valley because of the region's



cutting edge research capacity



Research assets include the world's fastest supercomputer, a new biofuels

facility, headquarters for Tennessee's solar initiative and a national lab that,

among its many resources, houses the $1.4 billion Spallation Neutron Source used

to study materials at the molecular level



intellectual resources



Companies locating here know their employees can work side-by-side on a daily

basis with world-class researchers. Robust and highly competitive programs at

the University of Tennessee and Maryville College as well as rapidly growing

community colleges and technical training opportunities assure expanded

expertise.



quality of life



Situated in a broad river valley between the Smoky and Cumberland Mountains, the

Innovation Valley is home to the Knoxville Symphony, a lively entertainment and

downtown living scene, and the new Clayton Center for the Arts.



willingness to work together



The strong connection between the research and economic communities couldn't be

clearer: ORNL director Thom Mason serves as chairman of the Innovation Valley

partnership. He says the lab focuses on "moving our science and technology into

the marketplace." Under UT-Battelle management, ORNL has grown from 3,700 to

4,700 employees and research funding has nearly tripled (from $640 million to

$1.6 billion) in the past ten years.



For more information about Pellissippi Place and the Knoxville-Oak Ridge

Innovation Valley, contact Bryan Daniels, Blount Partnership,

bdaniels@blountindustry.com, (865) 983-7715 or visit www.pellissippiplace.com.



Media representation: Clark Miller Communications.



SOURCE Blount Partnership







CONTACT:Bryan Daniels, Blount Partnership, +1-865-983-7715,

bdaniels@blountindustry.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





