aa,PR Newswire,20110825,9:00,331870
                              189 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      August 25, 2011 Thursday 9:00 AM EST



Infosys BPO Renews Contract With Alcoa



LENGTH: 776 words



DATELINE: BANGALORE, India, August 25, 2011





Infosys BPO, a leading player in the outsourcing services sector, today

announced a five year renewal of its contract with Alcoa Global Business

Services (GBS). Alcoa is the world's leading producer of aluminum and alumina

with over USD 21 billion in revenues. Infosys BPO's partnership with Alcoa

started in 2004 and has grown to include services across Finance and Accounting

(F&A) and Knowledge Services (KS) processes.



Ritesh Idnani, COO, Infosys BPO, said, "We at Infosys BPO greatly value our long

association with Alcoa, which is known for being a best-in-class finance

organization. As a key partner enabling this, we continue to work with Alcoa to

explore avenues of continually adding business value. The contract renewal for

five more years is testimony to our collaborative partnership and delivery

excellence."



Today, Infosys BPO's engagement with Alcoa has reached a level of excellence and

sustained performance that has helped enhance the competitive edge for Alcoa

GBS; thereby enabling it to provide different types of services to Alcoa

business units in a timely, accurate and cost-effective manner. This in turn,

translates into profitable business for the company and good relationships with

existing and potential customers.



About Infosys BPO



Infosys BPO Ltd. (http://www.infosysbpo.com), the Business Process Outsourcing

subsidiary of Infosys Limited, was set up in April 2002. Infosys BPO focuses on

integrated end-to-end outsourcing and delivers transformational benefits to its

clients through reduced costs, ongoing productivity improvements, and process

reengineering. Infosys BPO operates in India, the Czech Republic, China, the

Philippines, Poland, Mexico, USA and Brazil and as on June 30, 2011 employed

approximately 19,631 people. It closed FY 2010-11 with revenues of $426.8

million.



About Infosys Ltd.



Many of the world's most successful organizations rely on the 133,000 people of

Infosys to deliver measurable business value. Infosys provides business

consulting, technology, engineering and outsourcing services to help clients in

over 30 countries build tomorrow's enterprise.



For more information about Infosys (NASDAQ: INFY), visit http://www.infosys.com



Infosys Safe Harbor



Certain statements in this release concerning our future growth prospects are

forward-looking statements, which involve a number of risks and uncertainties

that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such

forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties relating to these

statements include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties regarding

fluctuations in earnings, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, our ability to

manage growth, intense competition in IT services including those factors which

may affect our cost advantage, wage increases in India, our ability to attract

and retain highly skilled professionals, time and cost overruns on fixed-price,

fixed-time frame contracts, client concentration, restrictions on immigration,

industry segment concentration, our ability to manage our international

operations, reduced demand for technology in our key focus areas, disruptions in

telecommunication networks or system failures, our ability to successfully

complete and integrate potential acquisitions, liability for damages on our

service contracts, the success of the companies in which Infosys has made

strategic investments, withdrawal or expiration of governmental fiscal

incentives, political instability and regional conflicts, legal restrictions on

raising capital or acquiring companies outside India, and unauthorized use of

our intellectual property and general economic conditions affecting our

industry. Additional risks that could affect our future operating results are

more fully described in our United States Securities and Exchange Commission

filings including our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March

31, 2011 and on Form 6-K for the quarters ended September 30, 2010, December 31,

2010 and June 30, 2011.These filings are available at http://www.sec.gov.

Infosys may, from time to time, make additional written and oral forward-looking

statements, including statements contained in the company's filings with the

Securities and Exchange Commission and our reports to shareholders. The company

does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements that may be made

from time to time by or on behalf of the company.



For more information, contact:

Neha Iyer

Infosys BPO Ltd., India

Phone: +91-8861257257

Neha_Iyer@infosys.com



James Roger D'silva

Corporate Voice | Weber Shandwick

Phone: +91-9880781969

james@corvoshandwick.co.in



SOURCE Infosys BPO Limited







CONTACT:.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





