aa,PR Newswire,20120201,13:00,331814
                              133 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     February 1, 2012 Wednesday 1:00 PM EST



Aleris Names Ingrid Jorg Senior Vice President & General Manager, Global Markets



LENGTH: 651 words



DATELINE: CLEVELAND, Feb. 1, 2012





Aleris named Ingrid Elisabeth Jorg senior vice president and general manager,

Global Markets, effective February 1, 2012. Jorg will lead the company's

aerospace and defense, automotive and heat exchanger businesses.



Prior to joining Aleris, Jorg held increasingly responsible positions with Alcoa

and was most recently president of its European and Latin American Mill Products

business unit. Before that she held sales and marketing positions for Bright

Products, AMAG Austria.



Jorg received a Master's Degree in Business Administration from the University

of Linz, Austria.



About Aleris



Aleris is a privately-held, global leader in aluminum rolled products and

extrusions, and aluminum recycling. Headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, the

company operates more than 40 production facilities in North America, Europe and

Asia. For more information, visit www.aleris.com.



Forward-Looking Statements



Certain statements in this news release are "forward-looking statements" within

the meaning of the federal securities laws. Statements about our beliefs and

expectations and statements containing the words "may," "could," "would,"

"should," "will," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "plan," "estimate,"

"target," "project," "look forward to," "intend" and similar expressions

intended to connote future events and circumstances constitute forward-looking

statements. Forward-looking statements include statements about future costs and

prices of commodities, production volumes, industry trends, demand for our

products and services, anticipated cost savings, anticipated benefits from new

products or facilities, and projected results of operations. Forward-looking

statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which could cause

actual results to differ materially from those contained in or implied by any

forward-looking statement. Important factors that could cause actual results to

differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements

include, but are not limited to, the following: (1) our ability to successfully

implement our business strategy; (2) the cyclical nature of the aluminum

industry, our end-use segments and our customers' industries; (3) our ability to

fulfill substantial capital investment requirements; (4) variability in general

economic conditions on a global or regional basis; (5) our ability to enter into

effective aluminum, natural gas and other commodity derivatives or arrangements

with customers to effectively manage our exposure to commodity price

fluctuations and changes in the pricing of metals; (6) increases in the cost of

raw materials and energy; (7) the loss of order volumes from or the retention of

our major customers; (8) our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to fund

capital expenditure requirements and debt service obligations; (9) competitor

pricing activity, competition of aluminum with alternative materials and the

general impact of competition in our industry segments; (10) risks of investing

in and conducting operations on a global basis, including political, social,

economic, currency and regulatory factors; (11) liabilities under and costs of

compliance with environmental, labor, health and safety laws; and (12) other

factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission,

including the sections entitled "Risk Factors" contained therein. Investors,

potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these factors

carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to

place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. We undertake no

obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether

in response to new information, futures events or otherwise, except as otherwise

required by law.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120201/CL45778LOGO)



SOURCE Aleris







CONTACT:CONTACT: Kristen Bihary, +1-216-910-3664



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





