aa,PR Newswire,20100506,14:33,331994
                              313 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        May 6, 2010 Thursday 2:33 PM EST



Tennessee Hooters Locations to Donate Fried Pickle Sales to Aid Flood Relief

Victims and Hands On Nashville



LENGTH: 376 words



DATELINE: ATLANTA, May 6





ATLANTA, May 6 /PRNewswire/ -- This Friday, May 7th and Saturday, May 8th the 11

Hooters locations in Tennessee will donate all fried pickles sales to benefit

Hands On Nashville supporting flood related relief. Hooters will match the money

raised during the 2 day period and double the donation to the cause.



Fried pickles are the #1 selling appetizer on the Hooters menu. All day Friday

and Saturday the following Hooters restaurants will be participating in the

effort: Hooters of Alcoa, Chattanooga, Johnson City, 2 Knoxville locations, 2

Memphis locations, Murfreesboro, Harding place, Hermitage and Rivergate.



"Thousands of people have been affected by the floods and we are happy to be

able to raise money and assist our neighbors in a time of need," stated Brooke

Richards, Director of Marketing for Hooters franchisee, RMD. "We have always

been active supporting our community especially during tragic times such as

this."



The Hooters of Fort Campbell is currently closed due to the flooding. Operators

hope to be able to assess the damages on Friday.



*RMD is a Hooters Franchisee based in Louisville, KY and operates Hooters

locations in Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee and Indiana. Hooters of America, Inc. is

the franchisor and operator of over 455 Hooters restaurants in 42 states and 27

foreign countries. The first Hooters opened in 1983 in Clearwater, Florida.

Hooters is well-known for its brand of food and fun, featuring a casual

beach-theme atmosphere, a menu that features seafood, sandwiches and Hooters

nearly world famous chicken wings, and service provided by the All-American

cheerleaders, the Hooters Girls. For more information about Hooters visit

www.hooters.com.



*Hands On Nashville (HON) was founded in 1991 to help people transform the world

around them by volunteering. HON is a recognized leader in programs,

partnerships and services that maximize volunteer impact for youth, adult,

corporate, and nonprofit constituencies in the greater Nashville community. Each

year, Hands On Nashville refers or places 38,000 volunteers to projects in more

than 300 area service agencies and schools.



SOURCE Hooters of America, Inc.







CONTACT:Alexis Aleshire, Public Relations Manager, Hooters of America, Inc.,

+1-770-799-2256, aaleshire@hooters.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





