aa,U.S. Newswire,20070914,24:45,332251
                              570 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                     September 14, 2007 Friday 12:45 PM EST



Constellation Energy Projects & Services Group to Construct Large-Scale Solar

Power System for General Motors



SECTION: ENVIRONMENTAL EDITORS



LENGTH: 506 words



DATELINE: BALTIMORE,  Sept. 14





Constellation Energy will own and operate the rooftop system and provide power

to the GM facility under a 25-year power purchase agreement.



The photovoltaic solar installation, one of the largest of its kind for a

corporate customer, will feature 6,400 UNI-SOLAR(R) solar panels. GM estimates

the project will reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 355 metric tons annually and

reduce electricity costs by approximately 10 percent.



"At General Motors we understand that good environmental decisions are good

business decisions and solar energy is a perfect example of this," said

Elizabeth A. Lowery, GM vice president, Environment, Energy and Safety Policy.

"The new solar arrays on our rooftops are reducing our energy costs and carbon

footprint, while providing green energy to the community."



"These projects represent cost-effective and turn-key energy management

solutions because Constellation constructs, owns and operates the on-site

renewable systems and customers enjoy stable, long-term energy prices," said

Gregory Jarosinski, president of Constellation Energy Projects & Services.

"Environmental leaders like GM recognize that with today's technology and the

expertise of a skilled energy partner, sustainable solutions make sense

economically and environmentally."



In August, Constellation Energy announced the completion of its first solar

photovoltaic system in partnership with leading aluminum manufacturer Alcoa and

DEERS, owner of the patent pending solar rooftop attachment design. The new

system -- a 588,000-watt, roof-mounted photovoltaic solar power system --

recently began operation at the Alcoa Building and Construction Systems' Kawneer

manufacturing facility in Visalia, Calif. Power is generated by more than 4,300

UNI-SOLAR(R) solar panels.



Constellation Energy Projects & Services Group (http://www.ceprojects.com) is a

full-service energy company, providing customized energy solutions to

government, institutional and large commercial and industrial customers

nationwide. The company's large array of products and services-including utility

infrastructure outsourcing, energy consulting and energy projects-are all

designed to increase energy efficiency, reliability, cost effectiveness and

improve the customer's bottom line.



Constellation Energy (http://www.constellation.com), a FORTUNE 200 company with

2006 revenues of $19.3 billion, is the nation's largest competitive supplier of

electricity to large commercial and industrial customers and the nation's

largest wholesale power seller. Constellation Energy also manages fuels and

energy services on behalf of energy intensive industries and utilities. It owns

a diversified fleet of more than 78 generating units located throughout the

United States, totaling approximately 8,700 megawatts of generating capacity.

The company delivers electricity and natural gas through the Baltimore Gas and

Electric Company (BGE), its regulated utility in Central Maryland.



SOURCE Constellation Energy







Contact: Lawrence McDonnell of Constellation Energy, +1-410-470-7433



LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





