aa,PR Newswire US,20050714,12:00,332435
                              754 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       July 14, 2005 Thursday 4:00 PM GMT



Cuyahoga Community College's Corporate College(R) East Opens Thursday, July 14;



College to provide lifelong learning, high-tech amenities and certification

courses



LENGTH: 1341 words



DATELINE: WARRENSVILLE HEIGHTS, Ohio July 14





WARRENSVILLE HEIGHTS, Ohio, July 14  /PRNewswire/ -- Cuyahoga Community

College's Corporate College(R) East opened today to provide new solutions and

lifelong learning opportunities to individuals, businesses and industries to

better equip them to be successful in today's high-tech economy.



The $30 million facility sits on 18 acres at 4400 Richmond Road, Warrensville

Heights, less than one mile south of the Cuyahoga Community College Eastern

Campus.  The facility was designed by URS, Whitley Whitley LLC and Robert P.

Madison International, Inc.; Turner Construction, Co. and Ozanne Construction

were charged with building the structure.



Corporate College East serves workers with college experience seeking

professional certification and recertification, as well as corporations seeking

to provide comprehensive "corporate university" training programs for their

employees. New hire orientation, ISO certification, online learning options and

train-the-trainer are examples of courses and services offered at the college.



"This is an investment in the economic development of our community," said Dr.

Jerry Sue Thornton, President of Cuyahoga Community College. "Our strategic

training programs, coupled with the technologically advanced classes we offer at

Corporate College East, will better train employees and help strengthen our

community's businesses. Our goal is to continue to revitalize our economy in

Northeastern Ohio while enriching the lives of its residents through lifelong

learning."



Corporate College East offers employers affordable, cutting-edge and

custom-designed training programs to enhance future workforce development, job

growth and job retention. Employees receive knowledge, skills and abilities,

furthering their vitality in the workforce and their bottom line performance.

This is Cuyahoga Community College's second Corporate College facility. The

first opened in 2003 in Westlake.



About 6,700 people have attended courses at Corporate College West. Companies

that are Corporate College clients include American Greetings, Alcoa, Inc.,

Ernst & Young, KeyBank, National City, Progressive Insurance, Rockwell

Automation and Sherwin-Williams.



  Innovative programs offered at the college include:



    - The Key Entrepreneur Development Center, established with Key

      Foundation's $1 million multiyear grant to Cuyahoga Community College.

      The center works with both established and aspiring entrepreneurs to

      help them achieve their vision for their business. Critical topics such

      as effectively managing a business, increasing sales and planning for

      the future are taught. The center also offers confidential business

      consulting to entrepreneurs.



      A partnership with the YWCA of Greater Cleveland led to the development



      of The Leadership Boot Camp, a nine-month program designed to prepare

      women for executive level leadership through position appropriate

      developmental education. The course begins in September at Corporate

      College East.



    - Corporate Innovation and Growth Program - This program teaches

      executives how to turn innovative thinking into the reality of

      profitability. The program is an intense, nine-month series focusing on

      the methods and processes of successful corporate entrepreneurs.

      Participants will learn from recognized innovators including Watts

      Wacker, CEO of FirstMatter, Inc., lecturer, best-selling author,

      political commentator, social critic and one of the world's most

      respected futurists. Business leaders from the Cleveland Foundation,

      American Greetings, RPM, Invacare and others also will meet with

      participants.



    - Institute for Organizational Excellence - The institute provides

      programming to assist manufacturing businesses in streamlining

      operations as well as eliminating inefficiencies. These programs result

      in greater quality management.



    - Certified Financial Planning Program - Corporate College is one of only

      a few community colleges in the nation to offer certified financial

      planning programs.







"Corporate College East is an investment in human beings which results in the

growth of companies through training," said Denise Reading, Corporate College

President. "Corporate College will draw from the region's historical energy to

improve companies through training."



The 107,000-square-foot structure is the epitome of modernization. The building

is energy efficient, constructed in a hillside to reduce heat loss during winter

while keeping the building cool in the summer. URS also designed a wetlands

landscaped with flowers, plants and trees to enhance the environment. Engineers,

wetland specialists, landscape architects, interior designers, traffic

engineers, soil analysts and fiber optics engineers collaborated to design the

state-of-the-art facility.



The building accommodates the customer's every need and all levels of training.

Space is offered for a wide-range of class sizes, with 4,200 square feet

designated for trade show space on site. The versatile, multipurpose Corporate

Hall can be utilized as a banquet space for 200 people, a theater- style

auditorium for speaker programs or a worldwide teleconference center.



Internet access, plasma televisions and breakout rooms for small groups allow

Corporate College East to serve as an extension of the workplace. On- site

meeting planners and media assistance are available. A resource center featuring

magazines and periodicals, a coffee bar, two business centers and numerous

workstations were created with corporate and individual needs in mind.



As a part of the grand opening festivities, Corporate College East unveiled

"Black and White Sound Tower," a kinetic sculpture created by Cleveland artist

David E. Davis, the founder of the Sculpture Center and Artists Archives of the

Western Reserve.  The massive outdoor sculpture exemplifies the need for

corporations to adapt to changes in the corporate environment, explained

Reading.



"The region has so much history that is our core, but we also need to adapt to

the changing times," Reading said. "This kinetic sculpture, created from

aluminum and steel, moves slowly from the sun's heat and the wind adapting to

the environment. It's always changing. However, it remains aluminum and steel at

its core. Likewise, Corporate College East is here to help Cleveland make

changes one company, one individual at a time, while remaining true to our rich

history."



Corporate College East also has partnered with Cleveland Public Art, The

Sculpture Center by artist David E. Davis, and The Artists Achieves of the

Western Reserve among other organizations to showcase the work of regional

professional artists.  These partnerships are an ongoing portion of Corporate

College's commitment to the arts and economic development.



Corporate College East will partner with these arts organizations twice a year

to bring new work for sale and display.  These events will be open and free to

the public.



"Corporate College East will reach more students, companies and our community

with its offerings," Reading said. "We're excited about the collaborations that

took place to make this higher learning center a reality, and we're looking

forward to enhancing our region's economy with our programs. This building was

designed to be innovative and make people want to think."



The two Corporate College facilities are designed to increase an organization's

competitiveness and profit potential in Northeast Ohio's new knowledge economy.

It delivers affordable, cutting-edge workforce training programs and works with

companies to customize training programs to develop and retain knowledgeable

employees who can enhance bottom line performance.



CONTACT:  Claire Rosacco, +1-216-987-4804, or cell, +1-216-406-8821, or

Greg Krizman, +1-216-987-4820, or cell, +1-216-409-6683, both of Cuyahoga

Community College; or Kimberly Pupillo of Landau Public Relations,

+1-216-696-1686 ext. 4116



Web site:   http://www.tri-c.edu/



SOURCE Cuyahoga Community College



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





