aa,U.S. Newswire,20070917,24:33,332250
                              569 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                     September 17, 2007 Monday 12:33 PM EST



Cap-and-Trade Could Cost Average Family $10,800 in Lost Income, Says Economist

Arthur Laffer; Proposed Global Warming Policy Likened to 1970s-Era Energy Crunch



SECTION: ENERGY EDITORS



LENGTH: 654 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON,  Sept. 17





A cap-and-trade scheme for controlling greenhouse gas emissions (GHGs) would

impose significant economic costs on the U.S. economy and is not a sound policy

response to current concerns about global warming, says renown economist Arthur

Laffer in a new study released today.



"Dr. Laffer's analysis is another death knell for the cap-and-trade approach to

addressing concerns over carbon dioxide emissions," said Steven Milloy,

executive director of the Free Enterprise Education Institute (FEEI), the

nonprofit group sponsoring the study. "The Department of Energy, Congressional

Budget Office and, now, Dr. Laffer have all concluded that cap- and-trade would

be disastrous for the U.S. economy," added Milloy.



Laffer's analysis, entitled "The Adverse Economic Impacts of Cap-and- Trade"

concludes that:





    -- Cap-and-trade may reduce U.S. economic growth by 4.2 percent -- even to

       achieve the comparatively modest GHG reductions of the Kyoto Protocol

       i.e., GHG emissions 7 percent below 1990 levels by 2008-2012). The cost

       to reach the ultimate goal of some GHG control proponents (e.g.,

       reducing GHG emissions to 80 percent below 1990 levels by 2050) would

       be significantly greater.  Moreover, these estimates may underestimate

       the actual cost as they assume the government would auction the rights

       to emit greenhouse gases -- as opposed to simply giving them away,

       which is the approach often discussed in the Congress.



    -- Because fossil fuels (oil, coal and natural gas) provide 86 percent of

       current U.S. energy needs and it is not currently feasible to

       substitute contribution of alternative energy sources in the near-term,

       a GHG cap could effectively become an energy production cap -- or an

       energy supply shock.



    -- During the previous energy supply shocks of 1974-75, 1979-81 and 1990-

       91, the economy declined, unemployment rose, and the stock market

       declined in value.



    -- Based on the energy efficiency responses to the energy supply shocks of

       the 1970s, the U.S. economy could be 5.2 percent smaller in 2020

       compared to what would otherwise be expected if cap-and-trade

       regulations are imposed. This equates to a potential income loss of

       about $10,800 for a family of four for the initial Kyoto GHG reduction

       target.





"Cap-and-trade is a simply dreadful policy option that is being pushed by Alcoa,

BP, Caterpillar, Conoco Phillips, Dow Chemical, Duke Energy, Dupont, General

Electric, PepsiCo and the other big business interests that belong to the U.S.

Climate Action Partnership (USCAP)," said the FEEI's Tom Borelli. "Global

warming pork-barrel spending and corporate welfare are what they're after,"

Borelli added. "USCAP members hope that, through a cap-and-trade scheme,

Congress will simply give them and other special interests what amounts to

essentially 'free money' -- as much as $1.3 trillion dollars over the next 10

years under legislation recently introduced by Sen. Jeff Bingaman (D-NM) and

Arlen Specter (R-PA) -- as well as other competitive business advantages,"

explained Milloy. "Not only is cap-and-trade likely to misdirect taxpayer monies

and rob hard-working Americans of income, it's not at all clear that it will

produce any environmental benefits whatsoever," he added.



"The Laffer paper confirms that cap-and-trade is a lose-lose proposition," said

Borelli. Given the well-established relationship between economic prosperity and

a clean environment, it's hard to see how harming the economy won't also harm

the environment," Borelli concluded.



"The Adverse Economic Impacts of Cap-and-Trade" is available online at the

following websites: http://www.demanddebate.com, http://www.freeenterpriser.com,

and http://www.junkscience.com.



SOURCE Free Enterprise Education Institute







Contact: Audrey Mullen, +1-703-548-1160, for the Free Enterprise Education

Institute



LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





