aa,PR Newswire,20100119,8:06,332013
                              332 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      January 19, 2010 Tuesday 8:06 AM EST



Patricia F. Russo Named Chairman of Partnership for a Drug-Free America(R)



LENGTH: 1005 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK, Jan. 19





Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Lucent Technologies to Bring

Business and Technology Expertise to National Non-Profit Health Organization



NEW YORK, Jan. 19 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors of the

Partnership for a Drug-Free America today named Patricia "Pat" F. Russo Chairman

of the national non-profit organization that exists to help parents prevent,

intervene in and treat drug and alcohol use by their children.



Russo assumes the Chairmanship effective February 1st from Roy J. Bostock, who

was named Chairman in 2002 after the sale of Bcom3 Group Inc. to the Publicis

Group. Bostock, Chairman of Yahoo!, Vice Chairman of Delta Airlines and a

Director of Morgan Stanley, will remain an active member of the Partnership

board, working closely with Russo to further the organization's commitment to

helping parents protect their children against the risks of drug and alcohol

use. Bostock was preceded in the Chairman role by James E. Burke, former

Chairman of Johnson & Johnson.



"With Pat Russo joining us as Chairman, the Partnership is reaffirming its

commitment to effective, groundbreaking communications. We are poised to

complete our evolution into the premier online and community education resource

helping parents safeguard their children from the risks of drugs and alcohol,"

said Bostock. "Pat's track record in business is exceptional, her leadership

style is impeccable and her integrity is second to none. She is precisely the

type of leader the Partnership needs to guide the organization in this new

decade as it meets the needs of America's families. "



"Adolescent addiction is one of the most complex, yet preventable, public health

challenges facing our nation today. It is a keystone issue that can devastate

families, drives rising healthcare costs and educational failure, and ultimately

impacts this nation's ability to compete around the world," said Russo. "I was

drawn to this role because the Partnership is a non-profit organization that is

thoughtfully and rigorously managed. Its national programs and deep resources on

drugfree.org are grounded in scientific and consumer research, insightful

communications strategies, and meticulous execution. I am excited to be joining

an organization that is doing such effective, life-saving work."



Currently, Russo holds board memberships with General Motors Company, Alcoa

Inc., and Merck. She is the former Chairman and CEO of Lucent Technologies, Inc.

and Avaya Inc., former COO of Eastman Kodak Company and was President, Lucent

Business Communications Systems for AT&T Corporation.



Her career in communications and technology began in 1973 at the IBM Corporation

where she held several positions in sales and marketing. Rising through the

ranks of the telecommunications company AT&T Corporation, Russo helped launch

its spin-off, Lucent Technologies. Fortune and Forbes Magazines have both ranked

Russo as one of the "Most Powerful Women" in business.



"At a time when the Partnership is pioneering science-based resources on

adolescent drug use and addiction, and expanding our programs on prescription

drug abuse, methamphetamine, treatment and recovery, we are extremely fortunate

to have a savvy, committed business leader like Pat Russo to head our board,"

said Partnership President and CEO, Steve Pasierb. "Pat's business experience

across several categories and companies, coupled with the collective expertise

of the Partnership's committed board of directors and our staff, will help

ensure that we continue to deliver useful, relevant tools and support to the

parents and families we exist to serve."



Among the comprehensive resources the Partnership recently launched are:



Time To Act - a first-of-its kind online help resource for parents and

caregivers who think or know their child is experimenting, using or has a

problem with alcohol or drugs.Intervene - a community of parents who support

each other through problems from their teens' alcohol and drug use. The Parent

Toolkit - provides advice and stories from parents and professionals about drug

prevention, intervention and raising healthy teens.Habla Con Tus Hijos - the new

Spanish-language counterpart to the Partnership's ongoing parent movement, Time

To Talk(TM) - empowering Hispanic parents to start and maintain open, honest

conversations with their children about the risks of drug and alcohol abuse.

Meth360 - a law enforcement-led prevention education program uniting communities

in the prevention of methamphetamine abuse.Not In My House - dedicated to

providing parents of teens with information, tips and tools to help prevent

prescription drug abuse in their families.



The Partnership at drugfree.org is a nonprofit organization that helps parents

prevent, intervene in and treat drug and alcohol use by their children. Bringing

together renowned scientists, parent experts, and communications professionals,

the Partnership translates current research on teen behavior, addiction, and

treatment into easy to understand resources at drugfree.org.



For parents who want help talking with their kids about drugs, drinking, and

other risky behaviors, TimeToTalk.org offers tips and tools promoting

parent/child communication. Time To Act is a step-by-step guide for parents who

believe or are sure that their teens are drinking or using drugs and need to

know what to do. Through its "360" suite of community programs, the Partnership

educates parents and concerned citizens at the grassroots level about the risks

of methamphetamine, non-medical prescription drug use and other emerging drug

threats, and promotes parenting and community practices designed to prevent teen

substance abuse.



The Partnership depends on donations from individuals, corporations, foundations

and government. The Partnership thanks SAG/AFTRA and the advertising and media

industries for their ongoing generosity.



SOURCE Partnership for a Drug-Free America







CONTACT:Josie Feliz, +1-212-973-3505, or Lori Silbert, +1-917-595-3053, both of

the Partnership for a Drug-Free America



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





