aa,U.S. Newswire,20070214,15:37,332317
                              636 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                    February 14, 2007 Wednesday 3:37 PM EST



New York Businesses Commit to National Initiative for Improving Quality and

Value in Health Care



SECTION: NATIONAL EDITORS



LENGTH: 695 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON,  Feb. 14





Employers signing on include Aetna, New York Life Insurance Company, Merrill

Lynch & Co. Inc., The Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation, American

International Group, Inc., KeySpan, IPRO, STV Inc., Group Health Inc., CIGNA

Health Plan of New York, Verizon Communications, Inc., AmeriChoice of New York,

New York Health Plan Association, Siemens Corporation, New York Business Group

on Health, Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe, Business Council of New York State,

Alcoa Inc., Loews Corporation, Partnership for New York City and JPMorgan Chase

& Co.



In signing statements of support, the executives pledged to provide quality and

price information about doctors, hospitals and other medical providers for all

enrollees in their health care insurance programs. This information will help

employees choose health care providers based on the quality of care they deliver

and the prices they charge.



In addition, the employers will support health information technology by

encouraging the use of recognized interoperability standards in the health IT

products used by their health plans. They also pledged to develop incentives for

achieving better value in health care, including incentives for high quality

care and for more active involvement by employees in choosing their health care

services.



These four actions are the "cornerstones" of an initiative launched last

November by Secretary Leavitt. By committing to these actions, the New York

employers are joining a growing number of states and companies that are pledging

to make quality and price information available to health plan enrollees in

order to enable them to compare providers when they purchase health care

services.



"I am proud that leading New York employers are choosing to support these four

cornerstones to achieve better health care and better value for employees and

their families," Secretary Leavitt said. "Until now, it has not been possible

for patients to learn in advance about the quality of care they can expect to

receive from a provider, or the cost of the services they will incur. By making

this information available, employers can help their employees get better care

and better value in health care."



For most purchases, consumers expect to compare cost and quality as they make

decisions. But until now, this information has not been available in the health

care sector. Patients have not been able to compare provider performance, either

on dimensions of quality or on cost.



"With the commitment that employers like these are now making, this situation

will change," Secretary Leavitt said. "Patients will come to expect quality and

performance information about health care providers. They will expect to have

price or cost information in advance to make good value decisions about their

care. They will use this information to improve health care value for themselves

and their families. And the choices they make will help improve value and health

care quality across the health care sector."



Six regional pilot projects were established last year under the Better Quality

Information for Medicare Beneficiaries (BQIMB) project, in Massachusetts,

Indiana, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Arizona and California. These organizations also

support the four national goals, referred to by Secretary Leavitt as

"cornerstones" for improving health care value.



President Bush committed federal health programs to these four "cornerstones"

through an Executive Order last August. In November, Secretary Leavitt invited

all employers, in both the private and public sectors, to take these same four

steps. By committing to these goals, he said, "Our individual actions will be

aligned toward reaching the common national goal of better health care at lower

cost."



More information is available at www.hhs.gov/transparency. For a full list of

companies who have signed statements of support, including those signing in New

York today, visit: http://www.hhs.gov/transparency/employers/statements.html.



Note: All HHS press releases, fact sheets and other press materials are

available at http://www.hhs.gov/news.



SOURCE U.S. Department of Health and Human Services







Contact: HHS Press Office, +1-202-690-6343



LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





