aa,PR Newswire,20120222,15:40,331808
                              127 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                    February 22, 2012 Wednesday 3:40 PM EST



Learning School Alliance Set to Help States Meet NCLB Waiver Provisions



LENGTH: 607 words



DATELINE: DALLAS, Feb. 22, 2012





Learning School Alliance Set to Help States Meet NCLB Waiver Provisions



Secretary of Education Provides Criteria for NCLB Waivers



In a February 9, 2012 press release, U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan

confirmed that, to get flexibility from No Child Left Behind (NCLB) provisions,

states must adopt and have a plan to implement college and career-ready

standards. States must also create comprehensive systems of teacher and

principal development, evaluation, and support that include factors beyond test

scores, such as principal observation, peer review, student work, or parent and

student feedback. Learning Forward's Learning School Alliance is poised to

assist campus-based leadership teams from the 11 affected states and beyond by

helping to strengthen educator performance through continuous professional

learning.



The Learning School Alliance is a professional learning laboratory for schools

committed to collaborative professional learning with the educators in their

school and other schools across North America. The goal of the Learning School

Alliance is to create environments where professional learning is embedded in

the job, and both teachers and school leaders hold collective responsibility for

student success. By providing tools and materials, coaching and facilitation, a

dedicated website and learning platform, and face-to-face learning sessions at

national conferences, the Learning School Alliance advances the skills and

professional practice of participating educators.



"Since NCLB's passage, school systems have realized that providing more

resources to schools, improving the curriculum, and assigning more talented

administrators will not, by themselves, increase student achievement," said

Learning Forward's Executive Director Stephanie Hirsh. "Teacher performance also

has to improve. The only way to achieve this result is for educators to engage

more frequently and systematically in quality professional learning. It is

fundamental to increasing student performance."



Applications are now being accepted for the 2012-13 Learning School Alliance. In

addition to a wealth of tools, participating school teams receive four

complimentary registrations for Learning Forward's Summer Conference, access to

Learning Forward resources, and more. The application deadline is March 15,

2012. Find additional details and an applications at

http://www.learningforward.org/alliance/index.cfm. The Arthur Vining Davis

Foundations endorses Learning Forward's Learning School Alliance and provides

funding support for schools participating in the program.



About Learning Forward (formerly National Staff Development Council)



Learning Forward's purpose is ensuring that every educator engages in effective

professional learning every day so every student achieves.



Learning Forward is an international nonprofit association of learning educators

focused on increasing student achievement through more effective professional

development. To learn more about the impact of high-quality professional

learning, visit www.learningforward.org.



About The Arthur Vining Davis Foundations



The Arthur Vining Davis Foundations are named for the former president of the

Aluminum Company of America. The Foundations make grants in five program areas:

higher education, secondary education, religion (graduate theological

education), health care (caring attitudes), and public television. Secondary

education grants support "innovative professional development programs that

strengthen teachers and their teaching in grades 9-12." For more information

about The Arthur Vining Davis Foundations, visit www.avdf.org.



SOURCE Learning Forward



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





