aa,PR Newswire,20120420,15:16,331779
                              98 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       April 20, 2012 Friday 3:16 PM EST



Novelis Announces New Leadership Appointments;

-- Jack Clark named Chief Technical Officer



LENGTH: 801 words



DATELINE: ATLANTA, April 20, 2012





Novelis Inc., the world's leading producer of premium aluminum rolled products,

announced today three leadership moves that will further drive the company's

growth strategy. Jack Clark has been appointed Chief Technical Officer; Shashi

Maudgal has been appointed Senior Vice President and President of Novelis Asia;

and Tom Boney has been named Managing Director of Aluminium Company of Malaysia

Berhad (ALCOM), a Novelis subsidiary.



Jack Clark has assumed the role of Chief Technical Officer, a new position

within Novelis. With the mission to drive the Novelis strategy of innovation,

technology and engineering excellence in products and processes, Clark will lead

a team focused on delivering world-class performance in operations, engineering,

research and development, and environment, health and safety (EHS).



Clark was previously Vice President, Operational Excellence, for Novelis and was

interim leader for the company's Global Manufacturing Services. He has more than

30 years of industry experience and, prior to joining Novelis in 2010, held

roles of increasing responsibility with Alcoa Inc. in North America and Europe,

culminating in his role as Vice President of Operations for Alcoa China Rolled

Products.



"Jack's extensive engineering, manufacturing and leadership experience will

further strengthen Novelis' position as the world leader in aluminum rolling and

recycling," said Martens. "As Novelis continues to focus on premium products for

the beverage can, automotive and high-end specialties businesses, Jack's

appointment strengthens our commitment to leading the industry in innovation and

technology."



Shashi Maudgal will join Novelis May 14, 2012, as Senior Vice President and

President, Novelis Asia. Maudgal is currently Chief Marketing Officer for

Hindalco Industries Limited, an Aditya Birla Group company. He will be confirmed

as an executive officer of Novelis at the next Board of Directors meeting.



"Shashi brings a wealth of experience to Novelis," said Philip Martens, Novelis

President and CEO. "As a recognized leader in the Aditya Birla Group, and with a

combination of sales, marketing and general management skills, he will provide

sound leadership as we grow our business in Asia. With our recent announcement

to build our first manufacturing plant in China, and our Korea expansion under

way, Shashi joins us at a very exciting time. We believe the demand for aluminum

in beverage cans, automobiles and specialty products in Asia will more than

double by 2020."



During his tenure at Hindalco, Maudgal built and led the company's marketing

department, led the European due diligence process during the acquisition of

Novelis in 2007, and served as a member of the executive leadership team in

setting strategic direction. In addition, he is a member of the Aditya Birla

Group's Business Review Councils for Grasim Viscose Fiber and Ultratech's Birla

White Cement.



Tom Boney will assume his new role as Managing Director of ALCOM, effective June

1, 2012. A publicly traded company, ALCOM is a subsidiary of Novelis and is

Malaysia's largest manufacturer of aluminum products. As the company's most

senior executive, Boney will be responsible for all functions, including sales,

marketing, human resources, finance, legal and operations. He will also serve on

the ALCOM Board of Directors as Executive Director.



Boney was previously Vice President and General Manager, Can, Novelis North

America. He joined Novelis in 2006 as Plant Manager, Oswego Works, and has held

management positions in North America and Europe.



"During his tenure, Tom has served in operations, commercial and corporate

roles," said Martens. "His experience in operations and as a general manager has

prepared him well to assume this leadership role for a growing market area

within Novelis."



About Novelis



Novelis Inc. is the global leader in aluminum rolled products and aluminum can

recycling. The company operates in 11 countries, has nearly 11,000 employees and

reported revenue of $10.6 billion in fiscal year 2011. Novelis supplies premium

aluminum sheet and foil products to automotive, transportation, packaging,

construction, industrial, electronics and printing markets throughout North

America, Europe, Asia and South America. Novelis is a subsidiary of Hindalco

Industries Limited (BSE: HINDALCO), one of Asia's largest integrated producers

of aluminum and a leading copper producer. Hindalco is a flagship company of the

Aditya Birla Group, a multinational conglomerate based in Mumbai, India. For

more information, visit www.novelis.com and follow us on Twitter at

twitter.com/Novelis.



SOURCE Novelis Inc.







CONTACT:Charles Belbin, +1-404-760-4120, charles.belbin@novelis.com; Fiona Bell,

+1-404-760 6585, fiona.bell@novelis.com; Investors, Isabel Janci,

+1-404-760-4164, isabel.janci@novelis.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





