aa,PR Newswire,20110309,10:41,331930
                              249 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      March 9, 2011 Wednesday 10:41 AM EST



TransDigm Group Completes Fastener Divestiture



LENGTH: 904 words



DATELINE: CLEVELAND, March 9, 2011





CLEVELAND, March 9, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- TransDigm Group Incorporated (NYSE:

TDG), a leading global designer, producer and supplier of highly engineered

aircraft components, announced today that it has completed the divestiture of

its fastener businesses to Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA) for approximately $240 million.



These businesses, which were acquired in December 2010 as part of the McKechnie

Aerospace acquisition, are made up of Valley-Todeco Inc. and Linread Ltd. The

businesses design and manufacture fasteners, fastening systems and bearings for

commercial, military and general aviation aircraft.



Total after tax cash proceeds from this transaction are estimated to be

approximately $170 million.



W. Nicholas Howley, TransDigm Group's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

commented, "Compared to our previous guidance, revenues will be down slightly

while EBITDA As Defined is estimated to be flat to modestly up. The divestiture

of the fastener business is offset primarily by stronger operating performance

at the remaining McKechnie businesses.



"Additionally, we are in the process of obtaining a third party valuation of

certain tangible and intangible assets which we expect to be completed by the

end of our second quarter. We are neither updating nor confirming any other

aspects of the prior guidance and will not do so until we announce earnings for

our second fiscal quarter."



UBS Securities LLC assisted TransDigm as a financial advisor in the sale.



About TransDigm Group



TransDigm Group, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, is a leading global

designer, producer and supplier of highly engineered aircraft components for use

on nearly all commercial and military aircraft in service today. Major product

offerings, substantially all of which are ultimately provided to end-users in

the aerospace industry, include mechanical/electro-mechanical actuators and

controls, ignition systems and engine technology, specialized pumps and valves,

power conditioning devices, specialized AC/DC electric motors and generators,

aircraft audio systems, specialized cockpit displays, engineered latching and

locking devices, specialized lavatory components, engineered connectors and

elastomers, rods and locking devices, NiCad batteries/chargers, and lighting and

control technology.



Non-GAAP Information



EBITDA As Defined is a non-GAAP financial measure presented in this press

release as supplemental disclosures to net income and reported results.

TransDigm Group defines EBITDA as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation

and amortization and defines EBITDA As Defined as EBITDA plus certain

non-operating items, acquisition-related costs, transaction-related costs and

non-cash charges incurred in connection with certain employee benefit plans.

Further information regarding EBITDA As Defined and a reconciliation of EBITDA

As Defined to Net Income can be found in TransDigm Group's Annual Report on Form

10-K and any other reports that TransDigm Group or its subsidiaries have filed

with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Forward-Looking Statements



Statements in this press release that are not historical facts are

forward-looking statements under the provisions of the Private Securities

Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including expectations of future performance,

profitability, growth and earnings. All statements other than statements of

historical fact that address activities, events or developments that we expect,

believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking

statements, including, in particular, statements about our plans, objectives,

strategies and prospects regarding, among other things, our financial condition,

results of operations, and business. We have identified some of these

forward-looking statements with words like "believe," "may," "will," "should,"

"expect," "intend," "plan," "predict," "anticipate," "estimate," or "continue"

and other words and terms of similar meaning.



All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which could

affect TransDigm Group's actual results and could cause its actual results to

differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made

by, or on behalf of, TransDigm Group. These risks and uncertainties include but

are not limited to: the sensitivity of our business to the number of flight

hours that our customers' planes spend aloft and our customers' profitability,

both of which are affected by general economic conditions; future terrorist

attacks; our reliance on certain customers; the U.S. defense budget and risks

associated with being a government supplier; failure to maintain government or

industry approvals; failure to complete or successfully integrate acquisitions;

our substantial indebtedness; and other factors. Further information regarding

the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from

projected results can be found in TransDigm Group's Annual Report on Form 10-K

and any other reports that TransDigm Group or its subsidiaries have filed with

the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, TransDigm

Group undertakes no obligation to revise or update the forward-looking

statements contained in this press release.

Contact:                                                 Jonathan D. Crandall

                                                           Investor Relations

                                                               (216) 706-2945

                                                             ir@transdigm.com



SOURCE TransDigm Group Incorporated







CONTACT:Jonathan D. Crandall, Investor Relations, +1-216-706-2945,

ir@transdigm.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





