aa,PR Newswire,20120430,8:18,331776
                              95 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       April 30, 2012 Monday 8:18 AM EST



Precious Metals: Silver is the Emergent Leader in Q1. Increased Demand to

'Rocket Silver Prices!';

As crucial global factors continue on an upward trend in 2012, Stephen M Smith

of Smith McKenna, LLC shares his expertise on why right now is the time you

should be looking at precious metals; most notably silver. With the right

knowledge and position, many people are going to experience the types of gains

and wealth creation that was temporarily cut short in 2011.



LENGTH: 493 words



DATELINE: HOLLYWOOD, Fla., April 30, 2012





At Smith McKenna LLC, precious metals broker Stephen M Smith reflects on silver

being the top performer in Q1 2012 out of all other commodities; including gold.

Smith has dedicated his life to the precious metals industry and has been

accurately predicting macro economic trends for over two decades. His biggest

concern is that people will once again pass up learning about precious metals

investing, and miss out on a wealth creating opportunity that many enjoyed with

last year's explosive gains.



(Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120430/CG96979)



Smith advises how important doing research ahead of time is and warns against

the inherent dangers in buying ETF's, Futures or Certificates; as it is crucial

that you own the physical asset itself and not derivatives. Smith is so adamant

on educating the public, that he is offering a FREE investing book to a limited

number of people who want to learn more. http://www.smithmckenna.com/free-book/



"Last year's boom has just been postponed to 2012," says Smith. Alcoa, Inc. has

already posted their Q1 reports that crushed initial projected company

forecasts. New building construction is up, unemployment rates are declining,

and technology parts being supplied are increasing demand exponentially. These

global factors are occurring worldwide, and with minable silver being pushed to

the limit, the only place for silver to go is up and up. The Silver Institute,

www.silverinstitute.org, cites silver as the "indispensible metal," and close

analyses of their latest survey shows that silver could near $40/oz in a short

time, and may surpass $50/oz in Q3 or Q4.



Silver is currently reacting much of the same way that physical commodities do,

and global factors have their implications on its industrial demand. GDP data

published on Friday by the Commerce Department shows that an annual rate of 2.2%

was experienced in the first 3 months of 2012; a strong indicator that growth is

occurring, despite stimulus and other negative economy claims. Smith McKenna

offers a FREE precious metals newsletter, which updates subscribers monthly on

these critical industry news and trends.

http://www.smithmckenna.com/subscribe-now/index.php



Last week China also published their March silver import data which saw a growth

from 171mt to 179mt. China's supply of mined silver is expected to be

insufficient to meet swelling development and growth demands in the coming

quarters, something that will increase imports, and push silver further north.

As industrial demand kicks into overdrive globally with limited supply, it could

take silver prices to the clouds!



Silver was seen trading around $31.35 per oz. while gold saw $1664.20/oz.



For more information on Stephen Smith and Smith McKenna LLC, visit their

website:www.smithmckenna.com



Media Contact: Stephen Smith Smith McKenna, LLC, 888.415.4909,

ssmith@smithmckenna.comNews distributed by PR Newswire iReach:

https://ireach.prnewswire.com



SOURCE Smith McKenna LLC



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





