aa,PR Newswire,20100421,16:15,331995
                              314 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      April 21, 2010 Wednesday 4:15 PM EST



Schools Recycle More Than 48,094 Pounds of Beverage Cans During the Aluminum Can

Council's America Recycles Day National School Challenge



LENGTH: 518 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 21





SCHOOLS CATCH THE RECYCLING SPIRITWASHINGTON, April 21 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/

-- Sustaining our environment requires a "can-do" attitude, as was demonstrated

by schools participating in the 2009 Aluminum Can Council's (ACC) America

Recycles Day (ARD) National School Challenge. During a 12-week period last fall,

133 schools, representing more than 70,000 students, joined with aluminum

suppliers and beverage can manufacturers in a national recycling competition.

Collectively, they raised over $53,000 and recycled more than 48,094 pounds of

used aluminum beverage cans.To recognize the efforts of the top three schools

collecting the most cans per student, the Aluminum Can Council will award each

school a $250 prize on Earth Day. The winning schools are:First place - Twin

Lakes High School, Monticello, Indiana. The school partnered with Ball

Corporation's metal beverage packaging facility in Monticello and other

businesses in the community to recycle 7,092 pounds of aluminum beverage cans,

or 9.8 pounds per student. They raised $3,556, which funded the band's new

uniforms. Second place - Collins Intermediate School, Conroe, Texas. In another

partnership with Ball Corporation, this school worked with the Ball's metal

beverage packaging plant in Conroe to recycle 3,845 pounds of aluminum, or 7.44

pounds per student, and raise $2,832 for the school's Parent Teacher

Organization. Third place - Academy of St. Rose Philippine Duchesne, St. Louis,

Missouri, teamed with Metal Container Corporation in St. Louis, to recycle 6.7

pounds of used aluminum beverage cans per student."In the spirit of Earth Day,

we are celebrating the outstanding recycling achievements by these students and

the lessons about environmental awareness and action that will last a lifetime,"

said Robert Budway, President of the Can Manufacturers Institute. "Almost half

of the participating schools have elected to incorporate beverage can recycling

as a year-round activity and we encourage others to follow their lead in

creating a sustainable future."The ACC's National School Challenge is a

friendly, intra-industry contest where beverage can manufacturers Ball

Corporation, Metal Container Corporation and Rexam and aluminum suppliers Alcoa

Inc., Arco Aluminum and Novelis Inc. partner with schools to see which

facility/school team can recycle the most aluminum cans per student.To learn

more about the 100 percent recyclable aluminum beverage can please follow us on

Facebook and Twitter. On Facebook, search for Al the Can and on Twitter, search

for ALtheCan.About The Aluminum Can CouncilThe Aluminum Can Council is a joint

effort between the Can Manufacturers Institute (www.cancentral.com) and The

Aluminum Association (www.aluminum.org). The vision of the ACC is to be the

voice of the aluminum can industry, to promote and foster recycling solutions,

to educate consumers and customers about the aluminum beverage cans positive

attributes, and to explore new markets for aluminum beverage cans.SOURCE

Aluminum Can Council







CONTACT:Sean Reilly of the Aluminum Can Council, +1-202-232-4677,

sreilly@cancentral.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





