aa,PR Newswire,20111108,5:29,331842
                              161 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      November 8, 2011 Tuesday 5:29 AM EST



China Sunergy Names Chief Strategy Officer;

Key Appointment Will Accelerate Global Market Development and CSUN Brand

Recognition



LENGTH: 722 words



DATELINE: NANJING, China, Nov. 8, 2011





China Sunergy Co., Ltd. (Nasdaq: CSUN) a specialized solar cell and module

manufacturer, today announced the appointment of Robert A. Rice as its Chief

Sales, Marketing & Strategy Officer (CSO) and Vice President of the company,

effective September 15, 2011.



Mr. Rice will report directly to Mr. Stephen Cai, China Sunergy's CEO, and will

oversee corporate international expansion and sales and marketing functions with

the aim of expanding CSUN's global market presence, promoting the CSUN brand,

establishing long-term industry partnerships, and recruiting a first class

global sales team.



Mr. Rice brings over 25 years' of business development, sales, marketing,

distribution, strategy and management experience to China Sunergy. Before

running his own Asia-focused consulting firm, Mr. Rice was President & CEO of

Fiat Auto China and Vice Chairman of Fiat's US$400 million JV Nanjing Fiat

Automotive Company, where his initiatives increased monthly sales volumes more

than three-fold. Prior to that, Rice spent ten years in sales and senior

management roles with General Motors Asia Pacific in Japan and China, including

Chief Representative and Country Director for General Motors in China. Rice also

held executive positions with ALCOA Asia, Tokyo for about seven years. He has

managed large scale projects in Asia between Chinese, Japanese, Thai and Indian

partners and European and North American counterparts. He excels at leading

cross-cultural-multi-functional teams. His years of experience in the Asia

Pacific region provide him a business perspective well suited to building and

maintaining enduring, profitable, global partnerships.



Mr. Rice, an American from Seattle, is a speaker and reader of Mandarin Chinese

and Japanese. He earned an MBA - Finance from the University of Washington in

Seattle.



Stephen Cai welcomed Rice: "Bob is a talented and experienced senior executive

with broad experience across the spectrum of business functions including

international sales and marketing. He has a proven track record of dramatically

increasing sales, negotiating and developing partnerships, growing product

lineups, improving profitability, and leading global teams. Having someone

senior by my side focusing on global growth, establishing partnerships, growing

our sales, and driving CSUN's brand and market development will allow me to

spend more time on strategic management of the company, manufacturing, and

supply chain management.. We are thrilled to have Bob on board."



Commenting on his new role, Mr. Rice was enthusiastic: "The PV solar industry is

on the cusp of explosive growth and is undergoing a dramatic transformation.

Chinese companies like CSUN - with its own proprietary technologies - rank with

the world leaders in design and production of quality, high efficiency solar

cells and modules which increasingly are in high demand in the domestic Chinese

market as well as in international markets in North America, Europe, Asia and

elsewhere. I am really looking forward to the challenge of growing China

Sunergy's business and the CSUN Brand across the globe. Key to our success will

be establishing CSUN as a responsible corporate citizen in the local communities

in which we will establish our operations. Also critical to CSUN's global

success is creation of long-term partnerships with various functions within the

industry."



About China Sunergy Co., Ltd.



China Sunergy Co., Ltd. is a specialized technology company and a manufacturer

of solar cell and module products in China. China Sunergy manufactures solar

cells from silicon wafers, which utilize crystalline silicon solar cell

technology to convert sunlight directly into electricity through a process known

as the photovoltaic effect, and assembles solar cells into solar modules. China

Sunergy sells these solar products to Chinese and overseas module manufacturers,

system integrators, and solar power systems for use in various markets. For more

information, please visit our website at http://www.chinasunergy.com.

Investor and Media Contacts:



China Sunergy Co., Ltd.



Elaine Li

Phone: + 86 25 5276 6696

Email: Elaine.li@chinasunergy.com

Brunswick Group



Hong Kong Ginny Wilmerding Phone: +     Hong Kong Xiaoxiao Nina Zhan Phone: +

852 3512 5000  Email:                                   852 3512 5000  Email:

csun@brunswickgroup.com                               csun@brunswickgroup.com



SOURCE China Sunergy Co., Ltd.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





