aa,PR Newswire,20100611,13:11,331987
                              306 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        June 11, 2010 Friday 1:11 PM EST



UBM TechWeb's HDI Announces New Desktop Support Advisory Board, Expanded

Offering for the Desktop Support Community



LENGTH: 943 words



DATELINE: COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., June 11





COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., June 11 /PRNewswire/ -- HDI (http://www.thinkhdi.com),

a global association for IT service and technical support professionals and the

premier certification body for the industry, today announced two inaugural

desktop support advisory groups: the HDI Desktop Support Advisory Board and the

HDI Desktop Support Leadership Council.



Desktop support responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the

provisioning of hardware, software applications, operating systems, and network

connectivity. The mission of the HDI Desktop Advisory Board is to provide HDI

guidance in the development of industry standards, best practices, research, and

professional development specific to the unique needs and responsibilities of

the desktop support community. The HDI Desktop Support Leadership Council will

review and provide feedback on initiatives presented by the Desktop Support

Advisory Board.



Combined, these two groups represent six countries (Australia, Canada, India,

the Philippines, Switzerland, and the United States) and eleven Fortune 500

companies, including Alcoa, Citigroup, FedEx, First Data Corp, Hewlett-Packard,

MassMutual Financial Group, Mattel, Pepco Holdings, Texas Instruments, United

Health Group, and Williams Companies.



Earl Begley, ITSM Implementation Project Manager for the University of Kentucky,

has been selected to chair the HDI Desktop Advisory Board. Other board members

include:

Ronald Ables, IT Support Center Manager, EPCO, Inc.

Earl Begley, ITSM Implementation Project Manager, University Of Kentucky

Thomas Blazek, Regional Infrastructure Delivery Services Manager, Alcoa Inc.

Frankie Bravo, Desktop Support Supervisor, Carnival Cruise Lines

Shannon Cepica, Managing Director, Texas Tech University

Eric Decker, Director, US Support and Operations, Merial

Rosanne Delaney, Senior Vice President, Mesirow Financial

Malcolm Fisher, Global Manager, IT Services, O-I

Mark Fitzgerald, Manager, User Services, Boise State University

Leo Forget, Delivery Director, Technisource

Gaurav Gupte, Manager, Global Operations and Support, SunGard

Jean-Christophe Guyot, Manager, Assets and Service Management, Philip Morris

International

Lucia Jenkins, Director, IT Support Operations, Network Alliance

Scott Kessler, Director, Client Management Services, TechTeam Global, Inc.

Phillip Kimball, Service Management Manager, University of Utah Hospital

Brad Kramer, Customer Solution Architect, CA

Lawrence Lenzini, Senior Engagement Manager, CDC Global Services

Brantley Lott, Senior Information Systems Technician, EMS Technologies, Inc.

Vince Lyons, PC Services Manager, Corporate / Mid-Atlantic Regions, Ricoh

Corporation of America

Kathleen Oden, Information Resource Support Specialist, Texas Department of

Transportation

Chris Ohlandt, Director, Division of Customer Support / Center for Information

Technology, National Institutes of Health

David Sharp, Director of Network Convergence, LiquidHub

Kristy Trice, Manager, End User Computing Services, L.L.Bean

Jason Tryon, Service Desk Delivery Manager, Hewlett-Packard

Eddie Vidal, Manager, Enterprise Services Support, University of Miami



Currently, HDI offers a Desktop Support Technician certification. The training

course, available both online and in the classroom, focuses on key support

center processes and concepts to improve overall support operations, as well as

customer service and interpersonal skills that improve the customer's

experience. In addition, HDI members are provided with articles and resources to

assist with the advancement of desktop support operations. Future HDI plans

include the release of Desktop Support Manager certification and training.



About HDI



HDI is the world's largest IT service and technical support membership

association and the industry's premier certification and training body. Guided

by an international panel of industry experts and practitioners, HDI is the

leading resource for help desk/support center emerging trends and best

practices. HDI provides members with a vast repository of resources, networking

opportunities, and the largest industry event, the HDI Annual Conference & Expo.

Headquartered in Colorado Springs, Colo., USA, HDI offers training in multiple

languages and countries. For more information, visit www.ThinkHDI.com or call +1

719.268.0174. HDI is part of UBM TechWeb.



About UBM TechWeb (http://www.ubmtechweb.com)



UBM TechWeb, the global leader in technology media and professional information,

enables people and organizations to harness the transformative power of

technology. Through its core businesses - media solutions, marketing services,

and professional information - UBM TechWeb produces the most respected and

consumed brands, applications, and services in the technology market. More than

14.5 million business and technology professionals (CIOs, IT and IT Support

managers, Web and digital professionals, software and game developers,

government decision makers, telecom providers and business executives) actively

participate in UBM TechWeb's communities. UBM TechWeb brands include: global

face-to-face events such as Interop, Game Developers Conference (GDC), Web 2.0,

Black Hat, and VoiceCon; large-scale online networks such as InformationWeek,

Light Reading, and Gamasutra; research, training, and certification services,

including HDI, Pyramid Research, and InformationWeek Analytics; and

market-leading magazines such as InformationWeek and Wall Street & Technology.

UBM TechWeb is part of UBM, a global provider of media and information services

for professional B2B communities and markets.



SOURCE HDI







CONTACT:Allison Wroe, Executive Director of Marketing of HDI, +1-719-785-5355,

awroe@thinkhdi.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





