aa,PR Newswire,20080305,9:41,332223
                              542 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      March 5, 2008 Wednesday 2:41 PM GMT



BeaconEquity.com Issues TraderNotes on CPRK, NEM, SWC, ABX, AA



LENGTH: 486 words



DATELINE: DALLAS March 5





DALLAS, March 5 /PRNewswire/ -- BeaconEquity.com announces the availability of

TraderNotes on stocks that are making news today.



Investors can view all of the daily trading notes for free by visiting:

http://www.beaconequity.com/ Click on TraderNotes.



Today's TraderNotes include: Copper King Mining Corporation (Pink Sheets: CPRK),

Newmont Mining Corporation(NYSE:NEM), Stillwater Mining Company(NYSE:SWC),

Barrick Gold Corporation(NYSE:ABX), Alcoa, Inc.(NYSE:AA).



To view more information on Copper King Mining Corp. visit

http://www.otcpicks.com/ -- Featured Companies. Also visit the Company Blog at

http://www.otcpicks.com/copper-king-mining/index.php .



BeaconEquity.com's TraderNotes are brief analyses on the active stocks each day

that are affecting the markets. These include breaking news, insider activity,

recent 52-week highs/lows, technical breakouts, and other market driving

information. Beacon is the authority on research in the small cap sector, and

our analysts strive each day to find the stocks that are poised to be the

biggest movers before the rest of the market is aware of them.



We encourage investors to subscribe to our FREE newsletter filled with daily

trading ideas by visiting: http://www.beaconequity.com/ .



BeaconEquity.com is one of the industry's largest small cap research providers.

Beacon strives to provide a balanced view of many promising small cap companies

that would otherwise fall under the radar of the typical Wall Street investor.

We provide investors with an excellent first step in their research and due

diligence by providing daily trading ideas, and consolidating the publicly

available information available on them. For more information on Beacon

Research, please visit: http://www.beaconequity.com/ CRD# 1755680.



BeaconEquity.com Disclosure



The companies that are discussed have not always approved the statements made in

this opinion. These reports are for informational purposes only and should not

be construed as an offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any

securities mentioned. We are not a licensed or registered broker dealer,

investment advisor, analyst or underwriter. Please consult a registered broker

before purchasing or selling any securities viewed or mentioned here. A Beacon

affiliate has been compensated seven thousand five hundred dollars by a third

party for CPRK advertising and promotional services.



   Beacon Equity Research

   Jeff Bishop, (469)-252-3505

   press@beaconequity.com







Reuben Sushman of Beacon Equity Research is a member of the National Association

of Securities Dealers, CRD number 1755680.



Available Topic Expert(s): For information on the listed expert(s), click

appropriate link. JEFF BISHOP

http://profnet.prnewswire.com/Subscriber/ExpertProfile.aspx?ei=70781



CONTACT: Jeff Bishop of Beacon Equity Research, +1-469-252-3505,

 press@beaconequity.com



Web site: http://www.beaconequityresearch.com/



SOURCE BeaconEquity.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





