aa,PR Newswire US,20060331,14:48,332387
                              706 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       March 31, 2006 Friday 7:48 PM GMT



'New Concepts of the Myth' Exhibition Opens at Ferrari Corporate Showroom

Highlights Twenty Ferrari 1:4 Scale Models - Created by World-Renown Design

School Students



LENGTH: 940 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK March 31





NEW YORK, March 31  /PRNewswire/ -- The 20 best nominees for the "Ferrari of the

future," created by automotive design students from four of the most prestigious

design schools worldwide (College for Creative Studies of Detroit, Coventry

University - School of Art & Design, Istituto Europeo di Design of Turin and

Tokyo Communication Arts), will be displayed at the Ferrari Corporate Showroom

(55th and Park Avenue in Manhattan), in an exhibition open to the public April

5th -22nd, 2006.



The four prize winning models from the contest, organized in partnership with

legendary Italian design house Pininfarina S.p.A. and with the support of world

leading aluminum producer, ALCOA, (the company that produces aluminum

spaceframes for Ferrari), will be featured at a special reception at the Ferrari

Showroom on April 4th to kick-off the NY based exhibition.  Maurizio Parlato,

President and CEO of Ferrari North America, Inc. as well as Roberto Fedeli,

Ferrari GT Technical Director will host the reception.



In 2005 Ferrari invited the four prominent car design schools from Britain, the

U.S., Italy and Japan to submit entries, which led to participation of 20

finalist projects - shaped by 49 students from 13 different countries - all

vying to win an internship for all team members at either Ferrari or

Pininfarina.  "As both an icon and innovator, Ferrari has become the pinnacle of

all design, engineering and technology within the automotive industry," said

Parlato.  "We are proud to continue to play an inspirational role in the future

of outstanding design, as well as to remain the motivation for prospective

cutting edge designers-to-be."



The "New Concepts of the Myth" exhibition at the Ferrari Corporate Showroom will

be the second U.S. stop in a series of worldwide exhibitions, from Europe to

Asia, following the original prize-giving ceremony which was held last November

18th in Maranello (Italy) at the Galleria Ferrari. The 20 models chosen for

display were voted on by a technical board of jurors, each of whom currently

have responsibility to decide the style of Ferrari production vehicles,

including Ferrari President, Luca di Montezemolo; Ferrari Vice President, Piero

Ferrari; General Manager, Jean Todt; Vice General Manager, Amedeo Felisa; new

Concept Design Chief, Donato Coco and the Head of Product Portfolio Development,

Massimo Fumarola.  In addition, juror representatives from Pininfarina S.p.A.

included Life Senator, Sergio Pininfarina and Chief Designer, Ken Okuyama.



Each of the 1:4 scale models to be displayed propose stimulating alternatives to

the internationally acclaimed shapes of current and previous mid-engined eight

cylinder and front-engined twelve cylinder Ferrari vehicles. In addition to the

models, all teams provided a series of sketches and concepts supporting

innovation, styling and functionality from both an internal and external

perspective. While students were granted creative freedom throughout the

competition, each design needed to retain the recognizable features and values

of the Ferrari Marque.



  The 4 winning models included:

    * "Millechili" by Luis Agullo Spottorno (Spain) and Felix Hiller

      (Germany); Istituto Europeo di Design, Turin

    * "Fiorano" by Rob Battams (UK), Tom Hardman (UK) and David Imai (USA);

      Coventry University - School of Art and Design

    * "Tre Diviso" by Daisuke Nagasato (Japan), Kim Teakyung (Korea) and

      Hiroaki Yakubo (Japan); Tokyo Communications Arts

    * "Ascari" by Manuele Amprimo (Italy), Werner Gruber (Italy) and Yu Jae-

      Cheul (Korea); Istituto Europeo di Design, Turin







Lastly, "612 Lafayette" by Shigenori Maeda (Japan), from the College for

Creative Studies of Detroit, snatched the "Alcoa Award," a special design prize

for Excellence Design for Aluminum. Maeda will receive an aluminum reproduction

of its winning quarter scale model from the ALCOA Corporation.



A selection of top level international publications ran an additional contest

for readers to express their personal choice on each model, collectively

reaching over 120,000 votes and appointing "Ferrari F Zero," a project by

Jean-Michel Raad (France), Shen Jiang (China) and Leon Dang (China) of Coventry

University - School of Art & Design, as the most voted one, with over 10% of

preferences. Next bests have been "Ascari" and "Due Masse." Additionally, to

date, more than 37,000 users visited  http://www.ferrariworld.com/  website to

view the program and select their favorite choices as well.



For more information on the "New Concepts of the Myth" exhibition, as well as

other Ferrari background, visit  http://www.ferrariworld.com/ . The exhibition

will be held at the Ferrari Corporate Showroom at 410 Park Avenue, NYC (55th and

Park Avenue), 212-593-2080, and will be open April 5th-22nd, M-F 10 am -7 pm and

Saturday 11 am - 5pm, (closed on April 14th -15th for Easter).



Ferrari North America, Inc. is headquartered in Englewood Cliffs, N.J., and is

the exclusive North American distributor of Ferrari vehicles including the F430

Berlinetta, F430 Spider convertible sports car, 575M Maranello sports coupe, 612

Scaglietti (luxury performance 2+2), and Superamerica (12-cylinder Berlinetta).

http://www.ferrariusa.com/  .



Additional information can also be provided through the Ferrari Press Office at

+39.0536 241042



http://www.media.ferrari.com/  .



CONTACT: Toscan Bennett, +1-201-816-2627,  tbennett@ferrariusa.com , or Deb

Pollack, +1-805-320-9248,  dpollack1@earthlink.net , both of Ferrari North

America, Inc.



Web site:   http://www.ferrariworld.com/

 http://www.media.ferrari.com/

 http://www.ferrariusa.com/



SOURCE Ferrari North America, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





