
                              855 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                            January 12, 2004 Monday



Latest Pennsylvania Employment Numbers Point to Continuing Employment Crisis;

Keystone Research Center Says State Policy Action Needed



SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS



LENGTH: 491 words



DATELINE: HARRISBURG, Pa. Jan. 12





The loss of 3,600 Pennsylvania jobsin December suggests the state still faces a

deep employment crisis, according to an analysis by the Keystone Research Center

of PA Department of Labor and Industry jobs data released late Friday.



"We should not let media focus on December's shockingly poor national job-

creation number lead us to overlook even worse state-level numbers," said

Stephen Herzenberg, an economist and executive director of the KRC.



Unlike in Pennsylvania, U.S. job growth at least was slightly positive, although

the national gain of 1,000 fell far short of the forecasted 150,000 increase.



Department of Labor and Industry data show that, since December 2002,

Pennsylvania has lost 11,300 jobs overall, and 30,900 jobs in manufacturing.

According to the Pennsylvania Manufacturers Association, over 1,400 Pennsylvania

manufacturing firms have closed in the last year.



"Pennsylvania manufacturing is in crisis," Herzenberg said. "Losing jobs at the

rate we did in 2003 undercuts the quality of life in Pennsylvania, especially in

manufacturing-dependent communities, which include much of rural Pennsylvania."



Previous KRC research shows that manufacturing still accounts for more than 20

percent of employment in many of the state's rural counties.



Herzenberg said that misguided federal policies contribute to the weakness of

the job market.



"With wages stagnating for the middle class, and tax cuts targeted at the

affluent, consumer demand has been sustained only by borrowing in the form of

mortgage refinancing and credit cards. If we don't see a robust employment and

wage recovery before consumers run out of credit, we could spiral into another,

and deeper, recession."

    Pennsylvania's Paul O'Neill, former Bush Treasury Secretary and CEO of

Pittsburgh-based Alcoa, also points to the misguided Bush policy in his new book

The Price of Loyalty. Appearing on 60 minutes on CBS this Sunday, O'Neill said

that President Bush questioned the need to cut taxes for the rich again before

the most recent round of such cuts. The President's advisors prevailed upon him

to implement the cuts, leading to O'Neill's departure from the administration.



Herzenberg said that Pennsylvania can't wait for federal policy or the market,

by itself, to correct the state's jobs crisis. Pennsylvania policymakers must

act now to boost the economy.



"What is needed is state action to work with manufacturers and employers in

other key industries to adapt to today's economic realities. This means new

sector-specific initiatives in areas such as workforce development, access to

capital, modernization, and commercialization of new products. In the long run,

even with better federal policy, state-level initiatives are essential for

Pennsylvania to thrive in a global economy."



SOURCE Keystone Research Center



CONTACT: Stephen Herzenberg, +1-717-255-7145; +1-717-805-2318 (cell), or Chris

Fegley, +1-717-255-7155, both of Keystone Research Center



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO STATE AND LABOR EDITORS



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





