aa,PR Newswire,20120928,9:40,331720
                              39 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     September 28, 2012 Friday 9:40 AM EST



The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: RadioShack, Best Buy, Wal-Mart Stores, Apple

and Alcoa



LENGTH: 996 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, Sept. 28, 2012





 Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day

the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting

stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include

RadioShack Corp. (NYSE: RSH ), Best Buy Co., Inc. (NYSE: BBY ), Wal-Mart Stores,

Inc. (NYSE: WMT ), Apple Inc (Nasdaq: AAPL ) and Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA ).



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO )



Get the most recent insight from Zacks Equity Research with the free Profit from

the Pros newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5513



Here are highlights from Thursday's Analyst Blog:



RadioShack CEO Walks Out



The nightmare for RadioShack Corp. (NYSE: RSH ) persists as the company's chief

executive officer (CEO) James F. Gooch resigned from the post with immediate

effect. Dorvin Lively, the company's Executive Vice President and Chief

Financial Officer will succeed as an interim CEO until the company finds the

right person for that role.



RadioShack's poor performance during the last few years has forced Mr. Gooch to

vacate the CEO position and simultaneously step down from the board of

directors. The company has already hired an executive search firm to give them a

perfect replacement.



Mr. Gooch, 45, had been in RadioShack since 2006, as CFO and thereafter

succeeded Julian Day as CEO in May last year. However, the company's performance

continues to deteriorate further mainly attributable to slowdown in the consumer

electronics demand coupled with lack of footfall in its retail outlets and stiff

competition from the likes of Best Buy Co., Inc. (NYSE: BBY ) and Wal-Mart

Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT ).



Moreover, selling of Apple Inc'.s (Nasdaq: AAPL ) low margin iPhones and other

smartphones/tablets have further affected its margin growth. In addition to

these, the company also has suspended its current dividend plan to reduce its

debt burden.



However, the current scenario for RadioShack may change mainly based on such

structural changes coupled with the launch of new iPhone 5 and its related

accessories.  Moreover, rollout of more retail outlets in the U.S. and Mexico

will further act as tailwinds for the company going forward.



We maintain our long-term Neutral recommendation on RadioShack. Currently, it

has a Zacks #3 Rank, implying a short-term Hold rating on the stock.



Alcoa Wheels Reduce Emissions



Aluminum giant Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA ) revealed the findings of its peer-reviewed

life cycle assessment (LCA), which showed that commercial vehicles using Alcoa

aluminum significantly reduce the carbon footprint of the vehicles. The study

concluded that the use of Alcoa forged aluminum wheels in place of steel wheels

helped lower greenhouse gas emissions considerably in the commercial vehicle

sector.



The study also revealed that the substitution of 18 conventional steel truck

wheels with Alcoa aluminum wheels in North America will cut carbon emissions by

16.3 metric tons over the lifetime of the wheels. This represents the average

annual carbon footprint of a four-person household in the U.S.



Moreover, the adoption of Alcoa wheels instead of steel by mass restricted

vehicles in North America enhanced the capability of the vehicle to 414 lbs of

additional payload per haul with the same fuel consumption. In Europe, the

estimate is 215 kg of additional payload per haul. The substitution of 12 steel

wheels with aluminum cuts 13.3 metric tons of carbon emissions in Europe.



Further, Alcoa wheels helped save more than 520 gallons of fuel in North America

and more than 1,942 liters in Europe.



Using aluminum wheels also enable net energy savings throughout the life cycle

of the wheel. Alcoa wheels retain their value throughout their lifetime and have

an end-of-life scrap value equivalent to that of primary aluminum.



Want more from Zacks Equity Research? Subscribe to the free Profit from the Pros

newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5515 .



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded stocks.

Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest

analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today:

http://at.zacks.com/?id=5517



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leon Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in stock

market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his many

accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system; the

Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1 margin.

The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market insights

of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit

from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to

be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros

at http://at.zacks.com/?id=5518 .



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?re

f=ts



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Media Contact



Zacks Investment Research



800-767-3771 ext. 9339



support@zacks.com



http://www.zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





