aa,PR Newswire,20120109,9:30,331821
                              140 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       January 9, 2012 Monday 9:30 AM EST



Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day Highlights: Hilltop Holdings, AGL Resources,

Alcoa, Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton



LENGTH: 1489 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, Jan. 9, 2012





Zacks Equity Research highlights: Hilltop Holdings Inc. as the Bull of the Day

and AGL Resources Inc. (NYSE: GAS) as the Bear of the Day. In addition, Zacks

Equity Research provides analysis on Alcoa Inc. , Rio Tinto Plc. (NYSE: RIO) and

BHP Billiton Ltd. .



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



Full analysis of all these stocks is available at http://at.zacks.com/?id=2678.



Here is a synopsis of all five stocks:



Bull of the Day:



We are upgrading our recommendation on Hilltop Holdings Inc. (NYSE: HTH) to

Outperform based on its sound capital position along with a risk-free balance

sheet, which also paved way for resumption of share buybacks, assisting

shareholders' confidence in the stock.



The company broke even in the third quarter but surpassed the Zacks Consensus

Estimate of a loss and beat the year-ago results. The stability was driven by a

higher-than-expected top line that benefited from improved premiums, investment

income and net realized gains. However, expenses escalated on higher loss

adjusted and underwriting expenses that even deteriorated the combined ratio and

resulted in operating cash outflow.



Overall, Hilltop should continue to tread ahead with its strategic approach in

order to capitalize on the opportunities that the markets provide on

stabilization. Our six-month price target is $10.00 per share, reflecting about

0.8x our book value estimate of $12.34 per share. This is consistent with our

Outperform recommendation.



Bear of the Day:



We are initiating coverage on AGL Resources Inc. (NYSE: GAS) with an

Underperform recommendation and a target price of $39. We expect shareholder

sentiment towards the company to remain lukewarm, considering its investment in

higher-risk unregulated operations, ongoing regulatory uncertainties and the

challenging economic environment.



AGL had warned that its earnings will suffer in 2011 due to lower results at the

wholesale segment. Additionally, the inclusion of the shipping operations (post

Nicor acquisition) has left AGL with a weak business, thereby heightening its

risk profile.



Considering these factors, we see little reason for investors to own the stock

and, therefore, we initiate the company with an Underperform recommendation. Our

$39 price objective reflects a 2012 P/E multiple of 12.5x.



Latest Posts on the Zacks Analyst Blog:



Earnings Preview: Alcoa



Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA), the largest U.S. aluminum producer, announced that it

would release its results for the fourth quarter of 2011 after the market closes

on January 9, 2012.



Alcoa Inc. reported adjusted earnings per share of 15 cents per share, missing

the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 22 cents per share. Adjusted earnings more than

doubled from 6 cents per share reported in the year-ago quarter, but were down

46.4% than the sequential quarter earnings of 28 cents per share due to lower

metal prices, seasonal factors and weakness in Europe.



With respect to earnings surprises, the company was behind the Zacks Consensus

Estimate in the trailing two quarters. Moreover, Alcoa was ahead of the Zacks

Consensus Estimate in the first quarter of 2011 and fourth quarter of 2010. This

is reflected in the average earnings surprise of -7.00%, with negative surprises

in two quarters and positive in two.



Agreement of Estimate Revisions



For the fourth quarter of 2011, five out of 11 analysts covering the stock have

made a downward revision in the last 30 days and 2 amongst them have made a

downward revision in the last 7 days. None of the analysts have made any upward

revision in the last 30 days.



Magnitude of Estimate Revisions



The fourth quarter 2011 estimate was 17 cents per share in the last 30 days and

inched down 2 cents to 15 cents per share in the last 7 days. Recently, it

dropped again by 1 cent to 14 cents per share. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for

the fourth quarter is 83.33%, down from the year-ago quarter.



Alcoa Cuts Smelting Capacity



Just a few days before its earnings release, Alcoa announced its plans to slash

its global smelting capacity by 12%. Therefore, the company became the first

producer to take instant action to slash costs amid a steep drop in metal

prices. The move will result in a restructuring charge in the fourth quarter and

will push the U.S. producer into its first loss in nine quarters. The reduction

in costs is likely to boost prices.



The company will permanently close its smelter in Alcoa, Tennessee, which was

curtailed in 2009, along with two of the six idled potlines at its Rockdale,

Texas smelter.



The curtailments, to be announced in the near future, will reduce Alcoa's global

smelting capacity by an additional 240,000 metric tons, or about 5%.



The curtailments are expected to be complete by the first half of 2012. Alcoa's

alumina production will be reduced across the global refining system to reflect

the final curtailments in smelting as well as prevailing market conditions. The

curtailments will contribute to the company's long-term goal of lowering Alcoa's

position on the world aluminum production cost curve by 10 percentage points.



Total restructuring-related charges for the fourth quarter of 2011 are expected

to be between $155 million and $165 million after-tax, or $0.15 to $0.16 per

share, of which approximately 60% is non-cash.



Our Take



Growing demand for aluminum beverage cans in China, Europe, and the Middle East

will offset flat to declining markets in the United States and will drive

overall packaging market in the range of 2% to 3% in 2011 compared to 2010. The

recovery in the industrial gas turbine market continues to support a brighter

long-term outlook and a 2011 growth projection of 5% to 10%.



The building and construction market continues to struggle in North America and

Europe, leading to a growth projection of 1% to 3%, primarily due to continued

strength in non-residential construction in China.



The outlook for commercial transportation is mixed, with a weaker second half of

2011, driven primarily by lower sales in Europe and China, offset by strong

first-half results and continued gains in the North American market. Alcoa

projects heavy truck and trailer sales to range from flat to 2% growth over

2010.



Currently, Alcoa has a short-term (1 to 3 months) Zacks #3 Rank (Hold rating)

and a long-term (6 months) Neutral recommendation.



Alcoa faces stiff competition from Rio Tinto Plc. (NYSE: RIO) and BHP Billiton

Ltd. .



Get the full analysis of all these stocks by going to

http://at.zacks.com/?id=2649.



About the Bull and Bear of the Day



Every day, the analysts at Zacks Equity Research select two stocks that are

likely to outperform (Bull) or underperform (Bear) the markets over the next 3-6

months.



About the Analyst Blog



Updated throughout every trading day, the Analyst Blog provides analysis from

Zacks Equity Research about the latest news and events impacting stocks and the

financial markets.



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous analyst coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded

stocks. Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest

analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today by

visiting http://at.zacks.com/?id=7158.



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leonard Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in

stock market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his

many accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system;

the Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1

margin. The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market

insights of Zacks Investment



Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit from the Pros. In

short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to be worth your

time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros at

http://at.zacks.com/?id=4582.



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?re

f=ts



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Media Contact

Zacks Investment Research

800-767-3771 ext. 9339

support@zacks.com

http://www.zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





