aa,PR Newswire,20081113,8:00,332143
                              462 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     November 13, 2008 Thursday 1:00 PM GMT



Suntech Chairman and CEO Dr. Shi Honored at Asia Society's Climate Heroes Event

in New York



LENGTH: 921 words





SAN FRANCISCO and WUXI, China, Nov. 13 /Xinhua-PRNewswire/ -- Suntech Power

Holdings Co., Ltd.(NYSE:STP), one of the world's leading manufacturers of

photovoltaic (PV) cells and modules, today announced that Dr. Zhengrong Shi,

Suntech's Chairman and CEO, has been honored as one of three Climate Heroes by

the Asia Society in recognition of his contribution to green innovation and

sustainable development in Asia and the United States. The award was presented

to Dr. Shi at a dinner in New York on November 11.



"Dr. Shi has played a leadership role in driving global solutions to climate

change through the development of one of the world's largest solar companies,"

said Dr. Vishakha N. Desai, President and CEO of Asia Society. "His efforts to

drive innovation and promote greater adoption of solar energy technologies will

continue to have a significant impact on energy production and we are very

pleased to honor his ground-breaking achievements."



The Asia Society is a leading global organization working to strengthen

relationships and promote understanding among the people, leaders, and

institutions of Asia and the United States. The Green Annual Dinner was held to

honor successful leaders and companies who have had a substantial, positive

impact on the peoples of both Asia and the United States through "green"

innovation and responsibility. Mr. Alain Belda, Director and Chairman of the

Board of Alcoa, and Dr. R. K. Pachauri, Chair of the Nobel Peace Prize-winning

Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), were also honored as Climate

Heroes at the Asia Society's Green Annual Dinner.



"It is a great honor to be recognized by the Asia Society. The recognition of

the need to address issues such as climate change and sustainable development in

Asia and the United States is critical to building a sustainable future for

following generations," said Dr. Shi. "It is encouraging to see growing support

among government, NGOs and businesses for green initiatives and it is a trend

that Suntech will work to accelerate. I have no doubt that solar will become an

important part of the global energy mix and help to minimize climate change."



About Suntech



Suntech Power Holdings Co., Ltd.(NYSE:STP)is a world-leading solar energy

company as measured by both production output and capacity of solar cells and

modules. Suntech is passionate about improving the environment we live in and

dedicated to developing advanced solar solutions that enable sustainable

development. Suntech designs, develops, manufactures, and markets a variety of

high-quality, cost-effective and environmentally friendly solar products for

electric power applications in the residential, commercial, industrial, and

public utility sectors. Suntech offers one of the broadest ranges of BIPV

products under the MSK Solar Design Line(TM). Suntech has sales offices

worldwide and is a market share leader in key global solar markets. For more

information, please visit  http://www.suntech-power.com/ .



About Asia Society



Asia Society is the leading global organization working to strengthen

relationships and promote understanding among the people, leaders, and

institutions of Asia and the United States. We seek to enhance dialogue,

encourage creative expression, and generate new ideas across the fields of

policy, business, education, arts, and culture. Founded in 1956, Asia Society is

a nonpartisan, nonprofit educational institution with offices in Hong Kong,

Houston, Korea, Los Angeles, Manila, Melbourne, Mumbai, New York, San Francisco,

Seoul, Shanghai, and Washington, DC. More information please visit:

http://www.asiasociety.org/



Safe Harbor Statement



This press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements

constitute "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the

Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange

Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the U.S. Private Securities

Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be

identified by terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future,"

"intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates" and similar statements, and includes

the belief that solar will become an important part of the global energy mix and

help to minimize climate change. Such statements involve certain risks and

uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in

the forward-looking statements. Further information regarding these and other

risks is included in Suntech's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange

Commission, including its annual report on Form 20-F. Suntech does not undertake

any obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new

information, future events or otherwise, except as required under applicable

law.



  For further information about Suntech, please contact:



  In China:

   Rory Macpherson

   Investor Relations Director

   Suntech Power Holdings Co., Ltd.

   Tel:   +86-21-6288-5574

   Email: rory@suntech-power.com



  In the United States:

   Sanjay M. Hurry

   Vice President

   The Piacente Group, Inc.

   Tel:   +1-212-481-2050

   Email: suntech@tpg-ir.com





CONTACT: In China: Rory Macpherson, Investor Relations Director of

Suntech Power Holdings Co., Ltd., +86-21-6288-5574, or rory@suntech-power.com ;

In the United States: Sanjay M. Hurry, Vice President of The Piacente Group,

Inc., +1-212-481-2050, or suntech@tpg-ir.com



Web Site: http://www.suntech-power.com/

 http://www.asiasociety.org/



SOURCE Suntech Power Holdings Co., Ltd.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





