aa,PR Newswire,20090923,15:53,332028
                              347 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                    September 23, 2009 Wednesday 3:53 PM EST



'Carbon Criminal' WANTED Poster Campaign Goes to G-20 Meeting in Pittsburgh



LENGTH: 550 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 23





JunkScience warns public to be on look-out for Alcoa CEO Klaus Kleinfeld, the

'Carbon Villain'



WASHINGTON, Sept. 23 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- JunkScience.com announced today

that it was taking its "Carbon Criminal" WANTED poster advertisement campaign to

Pittsburgh for the G-20 economic summit. The campaign will protest the CEO of

Pittsburgh-based Alcoa, Klaus Kleinfeld, who is lobbying for the Waxman-Markey

cap-and-trade legislation that will wreck the U.S. economy.



"Klaus Kleinfeld personifies the non-thinking corporate stampede toward

economy-killing and environmentally-ineffectual greenhouse gas regulation," says

Steve Milloy, publisher of JunkScience.com and author of the Amazon.com

Best-selling book "Green Hell: How Environmentalists Plan to Control Your Life

and What You Can Do to Stop Them."



The purpose of the WANTED poster campaign is to spotlight the CEOs who belong to

the U.S. Climate Action Partnership (USCAP) and who have teamed up with

America-hating green groups to lobby for legislation that would make energy

dramatically more expensive and that would eviscerate the American dream and

standard of living, while not accomplishing anything positive for the

environment.



At the G-20 protest, protesters from JunkScience.com will wear sandwich boards

featuring the WANTED poster for Klaus Kleinfeld, the "Carbon Villain."



The Kleinfeld WANTED poster notes that after Alcoa announced the layoff of

15,200 workers in January 2009, it then had the temerity to boast that its

"operational excellence" reduced its greenhouse gas emissions by 3 percent from

2007 to 2008.



"Kleinfeld cut 15% of his workforce due to the global economic slowdown and then

boasts about CO2 emission cuts that amount to avoiding less than 0.005% of

atmospheric CO2 accumulation," observed Milloy. "If I were a CEO that just

laid-off that many employees, the last thing I would be doing is touting

nonsense in support for policies that would keep those workers unemployed,"

Milloy added.



"Alcoa's profitability depends on U.S.-led and energy-intensive global economic

growth," Milloy said, "but Kleinfeld nevertheless courts disaster by lobbying

for the Waxman-Markey cap-and-tax bill that will make energy needlessly

expensive, sabotage economic recovery, and hamstring future economic expansion

-- all while doing nothing positive for the environment."



JunkScience's WANTED poster campaign kicked off last week by running a poster

advertisement of John Rowe, the CEO of USCAP member Exelon Corp., on the Drudge

Report in Exelon's hometown of Chicago. JunkScience continued the Drudge Report

campaign this week by running an ad featuring Jim Rogers, CEO of USCAP member

Duke Energy, in Duke's hometown of Charlotte, NC.



"The Senate is about to take up the Waxman-Markey bill in hopes of enacting it

before December when President Obama goes to Copenhagen to submit the U.S. to a

United Nations-run international cap-and-tax agreement," Milloy notes.



"But for CEOs like Kleinfeld, America would not be looking down the barrel of

the Waxman-Markey gun," Milloy observed. "If you see one of them," Milloy warns,

"approach with caution and shake your head in disgust."



The WANTED posters may be viewed at http://www.junkscience.com/Wanted



SOURCE JunkScience.com







CONTACT:Dave Mohel, +1-703-548-1160, for JunkScience.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





