aa,PR Newswire US,20060317,9:18,332389
                              708 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       March 17, 2006 Friday 2:18 PM GMT



BMA and Greater Pittsburgh Convention and Visitors Bureau Educational Series to

Provide Power Tools for Developing a Marketing Workforce



LENGTH: 396 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH March 17





PITTSBURGH, March 17  /PRNewswire/ -- The Business Marketing Association and

Greater Pittsburgh Convention and Visitor's Bureau have teamed up to present an

educational series of workshops every week in April from 4 - 6 PM in the

Regional Enterprise Tower (formerly the Alcoa Building). The series focuses on

providing B-to-B professionals with power tools for developing a marketing

workforce.



  Topics include:



   Tuesday, April 4 - I'm Okay/You're Okay

    Speaker:  Sherri L. Donnelly

    Owner, Ridgeline Training Solutions

    How understanding behavioral styles can help enhance interactions, in the



     workplace and at home.



   Tuesday, April 11 - Homerun Hiring

    Speaker:  Brad Schneider, Ph.D.

    Senior Consultant, Development Dimensions International

    How to tackle that pile of resumes and end up with the right person for

     the job and organization. Tips for qualitatively and quantitatively

     reviewing skills to build great teams.



   Wednesday, April 19 - Close the Deal

    Speaker:  Sam Deep

    Author and Management Consultant

    Insightful advice and practical checklists that apply to every step of

     the sale -- from making appointments to delivering exceptional customer

     service. Tips that apply to meeting with a prospect or selling the boss

     on a new idea.



   Tuesday, April 25 - Balancing Act

    Speaker:  Barbara Schwarck, PCC, CPCC, MPIA, MSP

    Professional Organizer, Trainer and Coach

    Trying to juggle work and home-life can add stress to already crazed

     lives. Tips for striking a balance and bringing your best to work and

     home life.



    Cost: $35 per session, for BMA and GPCVB members

          $45 for non-members







Attendees who sign up to attend three weeks, get the fourth week free.

Organizations that sign up three employees can send a fourth for free.



To register for any of the workshops or the entire series, go to

http://www.visitpittsburgh.com/ . Click on the "Members" link at the top and

then click "Membership Events" on the left navigation bar.



For more information email:  julie.stevens@gpcvb.org  or

mmiller@shadysideacademy.org



Food Sponsor:  Lucky Strikes



CONTACT:  Jeanne DeValeria, VP of Communications of Business Marketing

Association - Pittsburgh, +1-412-366-4256, or  educidea@verizon.net



Web site:  http://www.bmapgh.org/

 http://www.visitpittsburgh.com/



SOURCE Business Marketing Association - Pittsburgh



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





