
                              826 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                             May 12, 2004 Wednesday



Damian C. Georgino Joins Nocopi Technologies, Inc. Board of Directors



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 482 words



DATELINE: WEST CONSHOHOCKEN, Pa. May 12





Nocopi Technologies, Inc. (OTC Bulletin Board: NNUP), a company dedicated to

providing solutions for product counterfeiting and diversion for national and

international clients, announced today the election of Damian C. Georgino to its

board of directors. Mr. Georgino is currently a partner in the Corporate and

Securities Practice Group of Pepper Hamilton LLP.



"Damian brings to our Board a wide range of expertise, including corporate

finance and corporate development," said Michael A. Feinstein, M.D., Chairman

and CEO of Nocopi Technologies, Inc. "His experience with both large and small

companies will be invaluable to Nocopi as we plan for the future growth of our

existing security products and services and new product development activities."



Damian Georgino's current practice at Pepper Hamilton includes the full array of

corporate legal services, from general business planning to highly specialized

matters, including international corporate transactions, and the structuring,

financing and successful completion of mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and

other business combinations. He has experience with public and private

companies, from emerging technology enterprises to global Fortune 50

enterprises. Mr. Georgino's practice also includes public and private equity,

debt and venture capital transactions.



Before joining Pepper, Mr. Georgino was the founding corporate partner in the

Pittsburgh office of LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, LLP. He was a member of

that firm's global mergers and acquisitions, corporate, project finance and

emerging business practice groups.



He also was the founder and managing principal of Greenbrier Capital Partners

LLC, a private equity firm and merchant bank.

    From 1995 to 1999, Mr. Georgino served as executive vice president, general

counsel and corporate secretary of United States Filter Corporation.



From 1988 to 1995, Mr. Georgino was a general attorney and business unit counsel

for Alcoa, Inc., where he represented several fast-growing international

businesses and had corporate finance and corporate development responsibilities

for the Fortune 50 enterprise.



FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION



The foregoing contains forward-looking information within the meaning of The

Private Securities Litigation Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements

involve certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially

from such forward-looking statements (a summary of which may be found in the

Company's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2003,

under the caption "Risk Factors"). The Company does not undertake to publicly

update or revise its forward-looking statements even if experience or further

changes make it clear that any projected results (expressed or implied) will not

be realized.



SOURCE Nocopi Technologies, Inc.



CONTACT: Rudolph A. Lutterschmidt, Nocopi Technologies, +1-610-834-9600



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS EDITOR



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





