aa,PR Newswire,20121024,18:16,331701
                              20 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     October 24, 2012 Wednesday 6:16 PM EST



The Aluminum Association Elects New Leaders At Annual Meeting



LENGTH: 476 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 24, 2012





The Aluminum Association's membership re-elected four members of the Board of

Directors per the work of the Association's Nominating Committee chaired by Tony

Farraj, Commercial Vice President for Global Can Sheet at Alcoa.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120208/MM50117LOGO )



The Association elected Jean Simon, President and Chief Executive Officer,

Primary Metals of Rio Tinto Alcan, and Thomas Walpole, President of Novelis

North America, to another term ending in 2015.



Patrick Taylor, President and Chief Executive Officer, BestTransport, and David

Youngblood, President and Chief Executive Officer, Basic Resources, were elected

to additional one-year terms as Associate Member representatives on the Board of

Directors. Youngblood was also elected to replace Kevin Person, President and

Chief Executive Officer of Wagstaff Inc., as chairman of the Associate Member

Committee, whose term had expired.



"The Association's Board of Directors guides the Association as it represents

the interests, jobs and economic output of the North American aluminum

industry," said Pat Franc, President and Chief Executive Officer of Tri-Arrows

Aluminum and Chairman of the Association's Board of Directors. "Jean, Tom, David

and Patrick all represent different sectors of the industry and will be

invaluable as the Association continues its work to position aluminum as the

most sustainable material of choice for 21st century applications."



Additionally, Tony Farraj, Wes Oberholzer, Executive Vice President and Chief

Operations Officer of Wise Metals Group; Patrick Lawlor, President of SAPA

Extrusions Inc.; and Garney Scott III, Chief Executive Officer of Specter Inc.

and chairman of the Association's Membership Committee were appointed to the

Association's Executive Committee.



"The election and appointment of these leaders will further strengthen the

Association's core leadership," said Heidi Brock, President of the Aluminum

Association. "With their vision and guidance, the Association will continue to

pursue new opportunities to advance the industry while representing it to key

stakeholders."



The Aluminum Association's Annual Meeting was held in conjunction with the

Aluminum Week events co-located with the Aluminum Extruders Council and Aluminum

Anodizers Council in Chicago.



The Aluminum Association, based in Arlington, Virginia, works globally to

aggressively promote aluminum as the most sustainable and recyclable automotive,

packaging and construction material in today's market. The Association

represents U.S. and foreign-based primary producers of aluminum, aluminum

recyclers and producers of fabricated products, as well as industry suppliers.

Member companies operate more than 200 plants in the United States, with many

conducting business worldwide.



Stephen Gardner

703.358.2975

sgardner@aluminum.org



SOURCE The Aluminum Association



LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





