aa,PR Newswire,20100216,10:30,332006
                              325 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     February 16, 2010 Tuesday 10:30 AM EST



Lockheed Martin Completes Production Of Its First Two JLTV Technology

Development Vehicles Ahead Of Schedule



DATELINE: Owego, N.Y., Feb. 16





Owego, N.Y., Feb. 16 /PRNewswire/ -- Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) has completed,

ahead of schedule, production of its first two Joint Light Tactical Vehicles

(JLTV), both new six-passenger Infantry Carrier variants. The vehicles will be

delivered to the U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corps for a year-long testing period

as part of the Technology Development (TD) phase of the JLTV program.





As part of the 27-month TD contract awarded in October 2008, Lockheed Martin

will deliver multiple JLTV variants and trailers to the Army and Marine Corps

for the testing program, scheduled to begin in April of this year. The testing

will be conducted primarily at Aberdeen Test Center, MD, and Yuma Test Center in

Yuma, AZ.





"Successfully completing production of our first two TD vehicles ahead of

schedule is a major achievement for our program," said Steve Ramsey, vice

president of Ground Vehicles at Lockheed Martin. "The team's tireless efforts to

design, assemble and test our previous six operational prototypes culminated in

the production of technology development vehicles that are mature, low-risk and

thoroughly tested."





In addition to the TD vehicles, the Lockheed Martin JLTV team has produced

multiple test vehicles. The team's current JLTV family of vehicles includes five

prototypes, all of which are in system test and have accumulated more than

70,000 combined miles:



The original Infantry Carrier JLTV Category B model, designed for troop

transportation;The Utility Vehicle Light Category C model, designed with a focus

on payload;The General Purpose Mobility Category A model, designed for

logistical support;The second variant of the Utility Vehicle Light Category C

model; andThe Command and Control on the Move Category B model. This vehicle is

scheduled to make its public debut at the Association of the United States Army

Winter Symposium in February 2010.



"We are confident that we'll continue to remain on schedule and deliver a

high-quality family of vehicles that meet all transportability requirements by

air, land and sea," Ramsey added. "We look forward to final delivery to the U.S.

Army and Marine Corps this spring and having our vehicles rigorously tested."





The Lockheed Martin-led JLTV Team includes leaders in their respective fields.

Lockheed Martin serves as the prime contractor and design agent, providing

advanced systems, systems engineering, platform and components integration,

design expertise, and program and supply chain management. The BAE Systems

Global Tactical Systems and Security & Survivability Systems businesses are

providing production facilities for high volume assembly, and advanced armor

solutions for protection. Alcoa Defense is supplying materials experience,

design services and aluminum components that give the vehicle its structural

strength at reduced weight. JWF - Defense Systems is offering state-of-the-art

machining and cost-effective fabrication.





Headquartered in Bethesda, Md., Lockheed Martin is a global security company

that employs about 140,000 people worldwide and is principally engaged in the

research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of

advanced technology systems, products and services. The Corporation reported

2009 sales of $45.2 billion.





SOURCE Lockheed Martin











CONTACT:Jeff Brown, +1-607-751-3200; jeff.brown@lmco.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





