aa,PR Newswire US,20070507,9:53,332275
                              594 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                         May 7, 2007 Monday 1:53 PM GMT



Alcan responds to Alcoa announcement



LENGTH: 458 words



DATELINE: MONTREAL May 7





MONTREAL, May 7  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Alcan Inc. today announced that it

has received from Alcoa notice of intent to file an unsolicited offer to acquire

all of the outstanding shares of Alcan for US $58.60 in cash and 0.4108 of a

share of Alcoa common stock for each outstanding common share of Alcan.



Consistent with its obligations and focus on delivering value to shareholders,

Alcan's Board of Directors will consider the proposal and how it could impact

the interests of Alcan's shareholders and other stakeholders. Alcan's Board of

Directors and management remain committed to building and delivering value for

shareholders and other stakeholders, and believe that Alcan's strategy and

recent performance and accomplishments clearly demonstrate this commitment.



Alcan recommends that its shareholders defer making any decision until the Board

has had an opportunity to fully review the expected offer and to make a formal

recommendation as to its merits. Shareholders will be promptly notified of any

recommendation by the Board through a news release and circular in accordance

with applicable securities laws.



  About Alcan

   -----------







Alcan Inc. (NYSE, TSX: AL) is a leading global materials company, delivering

high quality products and services worldwide. With world-class technology and

operations in bauxite mining, alumina processing, primary metal smelting, power

generation, aluminum fabrication, engineered solutions as well as flexible and

specialty packaging today's Alcan is well positioned to meet and exceed its

customers' needs. Alcan is represented by 68,000 employees, including its

joint-ventures, in 61 countries and regions, and posted revenues of $23.6

billion in 2006. The company has featured on the Dow Jones Sustainability World

Index consecutively since 2003. For more information, please visit:

http://www.alcan.com/ .



  Cautionary Statement

   --------------------







Statements made in this press release which describe the Company or management's

objectives, projections, estimates, expectations or predictions may be

"forward-looking statements" within the meaning of securities laws. The Company

cautions that, by their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and

uncertainty and that the Company's actual actions or results could differ

materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements or

could affect the extent to which a particular projection is realized. Reference

should be made to the Company's most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or

Annual Report on Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause such

differences.



%B M %C 1 %D Tender Offer



CONTACT: MEDIA CONTACT: Anik Michaud, (514) 848-8151; INVESTOR CONTACT:

Ulf Quellman, (514) 848-8368



SOURCE ALCAN - EN



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





