aa,PR Newswire US,20070522,16:21,332273
                              592 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                        May 22, 2007 Tuesday 8:21 PM GMT



Alcan's board recommends shareholders reject Alcoa offer



LENGTH: 1231 words



DATELINE: MONTREAL May 22





MONTREAL, May 22  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Alcan Inc. (NYSE, TSX: AL) today

announced that its Board of Directors unanimously recommends shareholders reject

Alcoa Inc.'s (NYSE:AA) unsolicited offer to acquire Alcan. The Board determined

that the offer is inadequate in multiple respects and is contrary to the best

interests of Alcan's shareholders. Accordingly, the Board recommends that Alcan

shareholders not tender any of their shares to Alcoa.



Yves Fortier, Chairman of Alcan's Board of Directors, stated, "Alcan's Board of

Directors has thoroughly evaluated Alcoa's offer and concluded that it fails to

meet the best interests of Alcan shareholders. It does not adequately reflect

the value of Alcan's extremely attractive assets, strategic capabilities and

growth prospects, does not offer an appropriate premium for control of Alcan,

and is highly conditional and uncertain. Furthermore, it is clear to us that

Alcan and Alcoa have fundamentally different approaches and track records in

creating shareholder value. We are convinced that the proposed Alcoa-led

acquisition of Alcan is not the right choice for our shareholders."



Mr. Fortier added, "We remain committed, as always, to acting in the best

interests of our shareholders. Alcan has a proven record of sustainable value

creation and responsible corporate citizenship. It also has a clear strategy and

plan for future value creation. Given the rapidly evolving industry environment,

we are continuously evaluating all options in the interest of shareholder

value."



Dick Evans, Alcan's President and Chief Executive Officer, commented, "With

world-leading assets and technology, an excellent operating record, strong

projected cash flows and an exceptionally attractive pipeline of growth

opportunities, there are many options available to Alcan to create value for its

shareholders.



"Despite two years of approaches by Alcoa, at no time was Alcan presented a

compelling proposal - either in terms of economics, structure or conditionality

- that was in the best interests of our shareholders. Alcan remained disciplined

throughout these discussions, insisting on basic safeguards for our shareholders

before engaging in substantive negotiations. Alcoa's consistent refusal to agree

to standard and reasonable confidentiality and standstill agreements effectively

terminated the talks. Alcan's superior performance from both an operating and a

share price perspective during this period validates the disciplined process we

followed."



Evans concluded, "Despite this unsolicited action by our closest competitor, we

are extremely proud that our employees have responded positively by remaining

fully focused on the tasks at hand - delivering outstanding products and

services to our valued customers around the world. As we continue to move ahead,

Alcan will remain true to its commitment to creating value for shareholders

through a clear and successful strategy based on its core values."



A copy of the Directors' Circular, which sets forth in greater detail the

Board's recommendation and the reasons therefor, is being mailed to all Alcan

shareholders. These reasons include, but are not limited to, the following:



  - The Alcoa Offer fails to compensate Alcan Shareholders for the value of

     Alcan's extremely attractive asset base, technology, strategic

     capabilities and growth prospects.



   - The Alcoa Offer does not reflect an adequate premium for control of

     Alcan.



   - Under Alcoa's own analysis, the Alcoa Offer does not compensate Alcan

     Shareholders adequately for the capitalized value of Alcoa's own

     estimates of achievable synergies.



   - The consideration offered under the Alcoa Offer represents a discount

     to the current trading price of the Alcan Common Shares.



   - The Alcoa Offer is highly conditional and is subject to significant

     risks and uncertainties, both as to timing and ultimate outcome.



   - The value of the Alcoa Offer is uncertain and it will vary with the

     trading price of the Alcoa Shares.



   - The Board and its Strategic Committee, together with Alcan's

     management, are actively building upon existing strategies to develop a

     full set of highest-value initiatives as well as continuing to explore

     alternatives consistent with the best interests of Alcan Shareholders.







In addition, Alcan's lead financial advisor has provided a written opinion to

the Board that, as of the date of the opinion, and subject to the assumptions,

limitations and qualifications set forth therein, the consideration to be

received by holders of the Alcan Common Shares pursuant to the Alcoa Offer is

inadequate, from a financial point of view, to such holders.



The financial advisors to Alcan related to this matter include Morgan Stanley

and UBS. Alcan has also retained JP Morgan and RBC as additional financial

advisors. Alcan's legal advisors are Ogilvy Renault LLP and Sullivan & Cromwell

LLP.



  Additional Information About Alcoa's Inadequate Offer

   -----------------------------------------------------







Alcan's shareholders are strongly advised to read the Directors' Circular

because it contains important information about the Alcoa offer. Shareholders

may also obtain a copy of the Directors' Circular from the Company's investor

website at  http://www.alcan.com/ . Copies will also be available at the

Canadian SEDAR website at  http://www.sedar.com/  and at the SEC's website at

http://www.sec.gov/ . The Directors' Circular is being included as an exhibit to

Alcan's Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9, which has been filed with

the SEC. Alcan's shareholders are also advised to read the Schedule 14D-9 and

amendments thereto which may be filed by Alcan.



  About Alcan

   -----------







Alcan Inc. is a leading global materials company, delivering high quality

products and services worldwide. With world-class technology and operations in

bauxite mining, alumina processing, primary metal smelting, power generation,

aluminum fabrication, engineered solutions as well as flexible and specialty

packaging, today's Alcan is well positioned to meet and exceed its customers'

needs. Alcan is represented by 68,000 employees, including its joint-ventures,

in 61 countries and regions, and posted revenues of US$23.6 billion in 2006. The

Company has featured on the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index consecutively

since 2003. For more information, please visit:  http://www.alcan.com/ .



  Cautionary Statement

   --------------------







Statements made in this press release which describe the Company or management's

objectives, projections, estimates, expectations or predictions may be

"forward-looking statements" within the meaning of securities laws. The Company

cautions that, by their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and

uncertainty and that the Company's actual actions or results could differ

materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements or

could affect the extent to which a particular projection is realized. Reference

should be made to the Company's most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or

Annual Report on Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause such

differences.



%B M %C 1,17,18,20 %D Alcan's Board Recommendation



CONTACT: Media contact: Anik Michaud, +1-514-848-8151,

 media.relations@alcan.com ; Investor contact: Ulf Quellmann, +1-514-848-8368,

 investor.relations@alcan.com



SOURCE ALCAN - EN



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





