aa,PR Newswire US,20050503,9:06,332445
                              764 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                        May 3, 2005 Tuesday 01:06 PM GMT



Guilford Names Auto Supply Industry Veteran President and CEO;

Shannon M. White Led Turnaround at United Plastics



LENGTH: 416 words



DATELINE: GREENSBORO, N.C. May 3





GREENSBORO, N.C., May 3  /PRNewswire/ -- Guilford Mills, a global designer and

manufacturer of value-added fabrics and engineered products, today announced

that Shannon M. White will join the company as president and chief executive

officer, effective May 9.



White, 40, comes to Guilford after leading a successful turnaround at United

Plastics Group, where he had been CEO since 2001. When White joined United

Plastics, the company was struggling with the recession and negative cash flow.

Under White, the company's operational and financial performance steadily

improved and its global operations expanded into the critical China market.



"We are delighted to turn the leadership of Guilford to a man with Shannon's

tremendous talent and experience," said David Thursfield, Chairman of Guilford.

"As CEO of another global auto supplier at United Plastics, Shannon grew a

company under very similar conditions to Guilford."



"I am thrilled to be joining Guilford," White said. "At United Plastics, we set

a strategy for smart growth -- growth that focused on the right industry

segments and the right geography. Guilford has set a similar course, and we will

build on that in the coming years."



Before his appointment at United Plastics Group, Shannon was the Regional

Director of Manufacturing for Rexam PLC, a $5.2 billion international

manufacturer of packaging products. He oversaw eight plants in North America and

Mexico. During his tenure at Rexam, operating income surged 190% in two years,

management performance processes improved dramatically, and in some cases market

share was more than doubled.



White, a Utah native, graduated magna cum laude with a BS in Economics from the

University of Utah. He earned his MBA from the University of Southern California

and began his career in 1992 as a financial analyst at New Jersey- based Allied

Signal Inc. before moving to the operations side as a materials manager at a

spark plug plant in Ohio. He has worked at Alcoa Inc., Pfizer Labs, American

National Can Co. and as an independent consultant.



Guilford is an integrated designer and manufacturer of value-added fabrics and

engineered products, utilizing a broad range of technologies. One of the world's

largest warp knit textile companies, Guilford serves a diversified global

customer base in Automotive Products, Technical Textiles, Apparel Fabrics and

Fibers markets.



CONTACT:  Richard E. Novak of Guilford Mills, +1-336-316-4000



Web site:   http://www.guilfordmills.com/



SOURCE Guilford Mills



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





