aa,PR Newswire,20120412,9:30,331781
                              100 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      April 12, 2012 Thursday 9:30 AM EST



The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Alcoa, Nokia, Chevron, Titan Machinery and

Sara Lee



LENGTH: 1048 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, April 12, 2012





Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day

the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting

stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include

Alcoa (NYSE: AA), Nokia , Chevron (NYSE: CVX), Titan Machinery and Sara Lee

Corporation (NYSE: SLE).



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



Get the most recent insight from Zacks Equity Research with the free Profit from

the Pros newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5513



Here are highlights from Wednesday's Analyst Blog:



Q1: Deja Vu All Over Again?



Alcoa's (NYSE: AA) positive results may not have much relevance beyond the basic

materials and commodity sectors, but it nevertheless provides further evidence

that it may not take much to reassure investors on the earnings front given how

low expectations have dropped.



It is perhaps premature to expect the earnings season to put a stop to the stock

market slide of the last few days. But given the subdued expectations, earnings

reports are unlikely to produce more pain for the market, either.



While the pullback was not unexpected following uninterrupted gains of the last

six months, some have started calling it a repeat performance of last year when

the market lost momentum around this time after a strong start. I am hesitant to

say that 'this time is different,' but the similarities are only surface-deep.

For starters, the U.S. economy is on a lot stronger footing this year than was

the case last year, with multiple areas of fundamental support. Momentum in the

labor market, despite the March jobs miss, appears to be a lot more sustainable

and entrenched, helping improve the prospects for consumer spending.



And while Europe has re-emerged as a cloud in recent days, centered this time on

Spain, the threat it poses to the U.S. and global economy are magnitudes lower

than the existential concerns about the common currency union last year. Bottom

line, the stock market slide of the last days may actually be the pullback that

many had been looking for, but it is unlikely to prove as enduring as what the

market faced last year.



As mentioned at the top, Alcoa provided a good start to the first quarter

earnings season after the close on Tuesday by coming out with

better-than-expected results and guiding towards strong demand outlook for

aluminum. It is still early going in the reporting cycle, but we got two major

pre-announcements- a negative one from Nokia (NYSE: NOK) and a positive one from

Chevron . We also have a solid earnings report from Titan Machinery (Nasdaq:

TITN), the farming and construction equipment maker.



Sara Lee Buys Brazilian Coffee



Sara Lee Corporation (NYSE: SLE) recently announced that it has acquired a small

Brazilian espresso coffee maker, Expresso Coffee. The acquired business already

holds a license to sell coffee under Sara Lee's Pil達o brand in more than 1,000

coffee shops across S達o Paulo and Rio de Janeiro.



Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed. The acquisition places Sara Lee

in the fast growing and attractive markets of S達o Paulo and Rio de Janeiro.



Sara Lee is on track to split the company into two publicly traded companies: an

international coffee and tea business and a North American retail, foodservice

and specialty meats business. Post spin-off, the international coffee and tea

business will be domiciled in the Netherlands and will move its headquarters to

Amsterdam in the second half of 2012.



Its operations will be spread across Europe, Brazil, Australia and Thailand and

will include popular tea and coffee brands such as Douwe Egberts, Senseo, L'OR

EspressO, Marcilla, Pil達o, Moccona, Pickwick and Hornimans. Sara Lee will name

its international coffee and tea business, D.E Master Blenders 1753. The

spin-off is expected to be completed by June this year.



The spin-off is part of Sara Lee's plan to trim its portfolio in order to

provide the best foundation for a strong and focused business. Sara Lee has been

shedding its redundant units one by one to focus on its most profitable food and

beverage businesses.



Want more from Zacks Equity Research? Subscribe to the free Profit from the Pros

newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5515.



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded stocks.

Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest

analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today:

http://at.zacks.com/?id=5517



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leon Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in stock

market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his many

accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system; the

Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1 margin.

The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market insights

of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit

from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to

be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros

at http://at.zacks.com/?id=5518.



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?re

f=ts



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Media ContactZacks Investment Research800-767-3771 ext. 9339support@zacks.com

http://www.zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





