aa,PR Newswire,20090521,17:14,332067
                              386 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       May 21, 2009 Thursday 9:14 PM GMT



USCAP Statement on Passage of The American Clean Energy and Security Act



LENGTH: 464 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 21





WASHINGTON, May 21 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ --The U.S. Climate Action Partnership

(USCAP) -- a diverse coalition of leading businesses and environmental NGOs --

today issued the following statement on passage of The American Clean Energy and

Security Act by the House Energy and Commerce Committee:



The U.S. Climate Action Partnership (USCAP) congratulates Chairman Waxman,

Chairman Markey and members of the House Energy and Commerce Committee on

approving and reporting The American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009,

furthering the important legislative work necessary to address climate change.



This significant vote demonstrates the urgency we face in addressing global

climate change and our ability to do so in a way that protects the environment

while safeguarding our economy. USCAP commends the members of the Committee for

their diligence and hard work in crafting a bill that largely reflects the

recommendations of the USCAPBlueprint for Legislative Action.



As members of a broad and diverse coalition, we understand the many challenges

involved in reaching agreement on this complex set of issues. But we also know

that taking action to address climate change provides important opportunities to

spur innovation and economic investment, and to strengthen American

competitiveness. Just as important, we know that waiting only makes those

challenges harder. The time to find consensus and take action is now.



While the current bill does not reflect every USCAP recommendation - and in some

instances addresses issues not considered in theBlueprintor in more detail than

theBlueprint- it is a good foundation for moving forward in the Congress. As

this process unfolds, we are committed to pursuing further opportunities to make

the bill even more effective and economically sustainable.



In the weeks ahead, USCAP and its members will be working actively with all

members of Congress in both chambers and all parties to seek common ground - and

to find common sense solutions. We are committed to a path forward that will

reduce greenhouse gas emissions, protect consumers and advance new technologies

that will lead the transition to a low carbon economy.



More information about theBlueprint for Legislative Actionand USCAP can be found

atwww.us-cap.org



USCAP Members:



- Alcoa - Boston Scientific - BP America - Caterpillar - Chrysler -

ConocoPhillips - Dow - Duke Energy - DuPont - Environmental Defense Fund -

Exelon - Ford - FPL Group - GE - GM - John Deere - Johnson & Johnson - Natural

Resources Defense Council - The Nature Conservancy - NRG Energy - PepsiCo - Pew

Center on Global Climate Change - PG&E - PNM Resources - Rio Tinto - Shell -

Siemens - World Resources Institute



SOURCE U.S. Climate Action Partnership







CONTACT:Tad Segal, +1-202-667-0901, Tad.Segal@widmeyer.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





