aa,PR Newswire,20120627,18:55,331757
                              76 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      June 27, 2012 Wednesday 6:55 PM EST



CEOs of Business Coalition Urge Congress to Ensure Passage of Russia PNTR after

July 4 Recess



LENGTH: 632 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 27, 2012





CEOs of major corporations active in the Coalition for U.S.-Russia Trade

(www.usrussiatrade.org) - a broad-based group of U.S. corporations, trade

associations and small businesses actively seeking to increase U.S. exports and

jobs with increased trade with Russia - today called upon the U.S. Congress to

work together and move swiftly after the July 4 recess to enact Permanent Normal

Trade Relations (PNTR) with Russia.



"It's time for Congress to move forward with legislation to make sure U.S.

companies have the same access to Russia's market as our competitors," said

Klaus Kleinfeld, Chairman and CEO of Alcoa Inc. and Chairman of the U.S.-Russia

Business Council, which serves as the Secretariat of the Coalition for

U.S.-Russia Trade.



Caterpillar Inc. Chairman and CEO Doug Oberhelman, who also chairs Business

Roundtable's International Engagement Committee and who testified last week

before the House Ways & Means Committee in support of Russia PNTR, said, "At

Cat, we would see an immediate tariff reduction on [our 100-ton payload mining]

truck. And that's important because really our only competition for this truck

in the worldwide market is Japan. If we don't allow ourselves to compete with

the Japanese in Russia via WTO, we see a 10 percent price premium on day one."

Caterpillar is a Co-Chair of the Coalition for U.S.-Russia Trade.



John Faraci, Chairman and CEO of International Paper, also a Coalition Co-Chair,

said, "Russia is an important market for International Paper. We have invested

over $1 billion in Russia and make and sell products there. WTO accession will

help develop the Russian economy and enhance IP's investment in Russia. I fully

support Russia joining the WTO and believe Congress should act expeditiously to

grant Russia PNTR status."



Russia is the 9th largest world economy, home to approximately 140 million

highly-educated and discerning consumers and an import market of more than $320

billion.



"American workers and businesses see significant opportunities in Russia. It is

one of Amway's strongest markets. In order for us and other U.S. businesses to

protect and increase exports to Russia we need to enjoy the full benefit of

Russia's accession to the WTO," said Amway Chairman Steve Van Andel. "Russia

will join the WTO in August but U.S. companies will not benefit from the

protection of WTO rules unless Congress acts. Prompt Congressional action on

PNTR for Russia will help protect U.S. jobs, support U.S. businesses, and enable

us and many other U.S. businesses expand exports to the Russian market."



"Russia has committed upon accession to significantly reduce its tariffs on

imported agriculture equipment - from 15% to 5%. However, it is possible that

Russia would withhold the lower, WTO-negotiated tariff rates from our U.S.-made

products until the United States granted Russia PNTR status," said Sam Allen,

Chairman and CEO of Deere & Company. "That would place U.S. companies like John

Deere at a competitive disadvantage relative to our foreign competitors, and

with no recourse when disputes arise. And that would negatively impact our U.S.

operations because the products we sell in Russia are closely connected to jobs

in our facilities in the American Midwest."



The Coalition for U.S.-Russia Trade has issued a letter with more than 170

signatories urging Members of Congress to remove Russia from the provisions of

the Jackson-Vanik amendment and to enact PNTR with Russia.



The Coalition for U.S.-Russia Trade, housed at the U.S.-Russia Business Council,

is committed to strengthening U.S.-Russian commercial ties and preserving the

competitiveness of U.S. firms, farmers and workers in the Russian market. For

more information, please visit the Coalition's website at www.usrussiatrade.org.



SOURCE Coalition for U.S.-Russia Trade



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





