
                              799 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                          September 30, 2004 Thursday



Werner President and CEO Dennis Heiner to Leave Company;

Dana Snyder to Serve on Interim Basis



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 661 words



DATELINE: GREENVILLE, Pa. Sept. 30





Werner Holding Co. (PA), Inc., which through its Werner Co. subsidiary is the

nation's largest manufacturer and marketer of ladders and other climbing

products, today announced that its President and Chief Executive Officer Dennis

G. Heiner will be leaving the Company effective Friday, October 29, 2004. He

will be succeeded on an interim basis by current Werner Board member Dana R.

Snyder, as the Company conducts its search for a new president and CEO. Mr.

Heiner will continue to serve as a member of the Company's Board of Directors

through the end of the year. The Board intends to have a permanent president and

CEO in place by year-end.



"Having served Werner for more than five years, a period during which I have

sought to balance my dedication to both Werner and my family, the time is right

for me to hand the leadership of this great company over to a new president and

CEO. This will allow me to focus on some important family priorities," said Mr.

Heiner. "I am gratified that Dana Snyder will take an active role in all areas

of our operations as the Company's Interim President and Chief Executive Officer

as we complete our search for a permanent successor. Dana is familiar with our

industry, products, customers, management and business strategy, and has been a

strong supporter of Werner. He brings the advantage of having worked very

closely with our top management as a key Board resource in reviewing overall

business performance and setting long term strategy."

    Mr. Snyder commented: "We will miss the strong leadership Dennis has

demonstrated, particularly in navigating through a very dynamic business

environment. The Company has in place a solid business plan and possesses the

resources required to ensure continued growth and profitability. Dennis will

leave Werner with both a strong talented management team and solid direction in

place to fuel future success. I welcome the opportunity to become more actively

involved with Werner as it moves forward."



As former President of Alcoa Construction Products Group, and President and COO

of Ply Gem Industries, Inc., Dana Snyder possesses substantial executive

management experience in the building products industry. Over the past four

years, Mr. Snyder has been associated with Investcorp, the global investment

group that is Werner's largest shareholder, as a director and advisor to its

portfolio companies, including Werner.



About Werner Holding Co. (PA), Inc.



Founded in 1922, Werner operates in two business segments: Climbing Products and

Extruded Products. Werner manufactures approximately 1,100 fiberglass, aluminum,

and wood climbing products and accessories under the Werner, Keller and Stanley

brands. The Company produces five principal categories of climbing equipment:

single and twin stepladders; extension, fixed, and multipurpose ladders; attic

ladders; stages, planks, work platforms, and scaffolds; and assorted ladder

accessories. Werner markets its products through major distribution channels,

which include home improvement and other retail, hardware, and professional

outlets.



In the area of Extruded Products, Werner is a manufacturer of lineal extruded

products and highly-engineered fabricated parts. The Company sells extruded

products to customers in the automotive, electronics, architectural and

construction industries who require special metallurgy, tight tolerances,

unusual shapes, painting, finishing and fabrication requirements.



Werner's operations include manufacturing facilities strategically located in

Greenville, PA, Chicago, IL, Anniston, AL, Carrollton, KY, Merced, CA and

Juarez, Mexico. Werner's corporate headquarters are located in Greenville, PA.

Additional information on Werner may be found at http://www.wernerco.com.



    Contact: Todd Fogarty

               Kekst and Company

               212-521-4854





SOURCE Werner Holding Co. (PA), Inc.



CONTACT: Todd Fogarty, Kekst and Company, +1-212-521-4854, for Werner Holding

Co. (PA), Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS EDITOR



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





