
                              797 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                            October 19, 2004 Tuesday



iSKY Announces Jaime Smith as Chief Executive Officer



LENGTH: 476 words



DATELINE: LAUREL, Md. Oct. 19





LAUREL, Md., Oct. 19  /PRNewswire/ -- iSKY Inc., a leading provider of

outsourced customer interaction services, today announced the appointment of

Jaime A. Smith as Chief Executive Officer of iSKY.



(Photo:   http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20041019/PHTU052  )



Jaime was chosen to lead iSKY based upon his proven abilities to create and

direct businesses, build markets, solidify operations, manage costs and quality,

as well as achieve financial targets.  "Jaime is an experienced leader with an

energy and passion to recruit and develop teams.  We see him as an excellent fit

with iSKY and are confident that he will maintain the entrepreneurial spirit and

quality orientation that has set iSKY apart," commented Nadeem Elahi of The

Resource Group, iSKY's parent company.



Prior to joining iSKY, Jaime was the President and CEO of Cepstral, a speech

technology software company based in Pittsburgh, where he focused on

commercializing the technology and tripled revenue and reached profitability

within 18 months.  Before Cepstral, he was the General Manager of the $40

million consumer business at FreeMarkets (now Ariba), the leading global

provider of enterprise sourcing software and services.  There he was responsible

for strategy, operations, and global financial targets.  Jaime helped build the

consumer sector into one of the largest and fastest growing business units at

FreeMarkets, enabling the company to grow from $23 million to $182 million in

revenue in three years.  Prior to joining FreeMarkets, Jaime worked at Alcoa for

ten years, holding a variety of management positions including business

development, sales, marketing, engineering, and operations.



In addition to a Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial Engineering from

Virginia Tech, Jaime also holds a Master's in Business Administration (MBA) from

Harvard Business School.



ABOUT iSKY



iSKY provides outsourced customer care and relationship management services to

Global 1000 companies seeking to maximize customer value.  The company creates

industry-specific acquisition, retention and optimization programs supported by

interactive one-to-one communications and analysis to transform customer

dialogue into a strategic advantage.  Its clients include Owens Corning, BMW,

American Express, Honda and Sothebys.  iSKY was acquired by The Resource Group

("TRG") in 2004.



ABOUT TRG



TRG is the largest IT-enabled services company in Pakistan with multiple

holdings in technology-driven companies around the world, including several

North American communications center companies.  With each investment, TRG seeks

to maintain the highest standards of diligence, analytical insight, executional

excellence, and integrity.  TRG is listed on the Karachi Stock Exchange

(Reuters: TRGP.PA).



CONTACT:  Karen Beck, iSKY Inc., +1-301-490-1034



Web site:   http://www.isky.com/



SOURCE iSKY Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





