aa,PR Newswire US,20060407,13:53,332384
                              703 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                        April 7, 2006 Friday 5:53 PM GMT



ERIEBANK Appoints Five to Board of Directors



LENGTH: 1320 words



DATELINE: ERIE, Pa. April 7





ERIE, Pa., April 7  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- CNB Financial Corporation

(NASDAQ:CCNE) announced the appointment of five Erie businessmen to serve on the

ERIEBANK Board of Directors.  Harry E. Brown, Gary L. Clark, Thomas Kennedy,

Charles H. Reams and James E. Spoden will provide insight, leadership and

guidance as ERIEBANK develops and introduces itself to the community of Erie.



Harry E. Brown, Director of Business Development for Specialty Bar Products

Company and past President & CEO of EBC Industries, brings a vast knowledge of

business operations, specializing in the manufacturing industry and the

management thereof.



Prior to joining EBC Industries in 1985, Mr. Brown worked for fifteen years for

Bethlehem Steel Corporation where he had advanced from Divisional Industrial

Engineer to Divisional Production Manager and Metallurgical Services Engineer to

National Sales Manager, which was his title upon joining EBC Industries as

President & CEO in 1985.  The five years preceding Mr. Brown's employment with

Bethlehem Steel he was employed at the Lebanon plant of Alcoa.



Mr. Brown has offered his expertise by serving on the Board of Governors as past

Chairman for the Manufacturers Association of Northwest Pennsylvania, and on the

Board of Directors for Lake View Development.  He has been involved in Business

Network Consulting services for Governors Task Force in Kentucky, Regional

Technology Strategies in Chapel Hill, NC and DuPage University in Chicago, IL.



In addition to the above board appointments, Mr. Brown has been an active

member, serving on the Board of Directors for numerous organizations such as

CamTech, Millcreek Health Systems, Workforce Investment Board, Health Cost

Summit, Erie Economic Development Fund, Business Retention Technology, ACES and

NWPIRC.



Mr. Brown has been published with "Make Love Not War" and "301 Greatest

Management Ideas" in 1988 and 1992, respectively, by Inc. Magazine; "Strategies

for Manufacturing Excellence" in 1991 by Pittsburgh High tech Council; "A

Proposal for the Development of a Flexible Manufacturing Network" in 1991 by

University of Dayton Honors Program; "The Team Net Factors" and "Age of the

Network" in 1993 by Oliver Wight Publications; and "Employer of the Year" of

Erie County in 1993.



Mr. Brown received his B.S. in Business Administration from Lebanon Valley

College and his A.A. in Business Management, with a concentration in Labor

Relations from Franklin and Marshall College.  He is an Air Force Veteran of

Strategic Air Command.



Gary L. Clark, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Chief

Administrative Officer (CAO) of Snap-tite, Inc. specializes in sales, marketing

and management of the manufacturing industry.



Since earning his B.S. degree from Gannon University in 1983, Mr. Clark has been

employed by Snap-tite, Inc. in various capacities.



In 1985, Mr. Clark became Vice President & CAO.  In 1995, when Snap-tite

acquired the Autoclave Engineers Group, he picked up additional responsibilities

as President & CEO of the new Snap-tite Systems, Inc.  In addition to being a

board member of Snap-tite and its related companies, Mr. Clark is the Chairman

of the Board of Columbus, Ohio based Avure Autoclave Systems, Inc.  In 2005, Mr.

Clark took on the additional responsibilities of CFO for Snap-tite.



Mr. Clark has offered his professional knowledge to Industrial Resource Center

of Northwestern Pennsylvania, Erie Regional Chamber and Growth Partnership and

Penn State Behrend Council of Fellows, by serving as Director for the Boards,

the latter of which he served as Vice Chairman.



Thomas Kennedy, President of Professional Development Associates, Inc., founded

and built this company into a leading business and real estate development

organization in 1992.  Prior to this venture, Mr. Kennedy was employed by

General Electric Company.



Mr. Kennedy joined General Electric as Manufacturing Leader in the Aerospace

Business division in 1986.  Then in 1987, he entered the Power Systems Business

division as Quality Engineer and later, Sourcing Leader.  In 1988, in the

Transportation Systems Business division of General Electric, he held the

positions of Project Manager, Engineering Manager and Program Manager, which was

his title when he founded Professional Development Systems, Inc. in 1992.



Prior to his career with General Electric, Mr. Kennedy was employed by

Ingersoll-Rand Company, where he started directly after earning his B.S. in

Mechanical Engineering from State University of New York.  During his employment

with General Electric, he also earned his Masters in Business Administration

from Penn State University.



Mr. Kennedy is a US Merchant Marine Officer, 3rd Asst. Engineer; Chairman of the

Erie Metro Transit Authority; and a Lieutenant in the US Naval Reserve. He has

his NYS Professional Engineers license and his Pennsylvania Real Estate license.



Charles H. Reams, President of C.H. Reams & Associates, Inc., will apply his

expertise in the financial services industry, as a consultant and broker for

companies that provide fully insured and self funded benefits.



Prior to his ownership of C.H. Reams & Associates, Inc., Mr. Reams was employed

as a life insurance representative in the specialty area of estate planning.

This position followed a twenty-one year career with Prudential Insurance

Company, serving eleven years as District Manager for the Erie area.



Mr. Reams is a Certified Life Underwriter, Chartered Financial Consultant,

Registered Health Underwriter, Registered Employee Benefits Consultant, and a

member of the Million Dollar Round Table.  In addition to these professional

distinctions, he is a member of the Hamot Board of Incorporators, past President

of Erie Estate Planning Council, is a member of the Erie Life Underwriters

Association and serves on the Board of Erie County Area Agency on Aging.



James E. Spoden, Esq., is a senior partner at MacDonald, Illig, Jones & Britton

LLP and member of the firm's Corporate, Estate and Real Estate Departments.  He

concentrates his practice in the area of corporate, commercial and business law,

with a special emphasis on taxation and estate planning for small business

owners.



Mr. Spoden is active in the area of business formation, mergers, acquisitions

and divestitures.  His experience in small business counseling includes

industrial, professional and service corporations.



Graduating with a degree in accounting, Attorney Spoden received his BS in

Business Administration from John Carroll University in Cleveland, OH and his

law degree and Master of Laws in Taxation from DePaul University College of Law.



Mr. Spoden is licensed to practice in the Pennsylvania and Illinois State Courts

and in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania, and

U.S. Tax Court.  He is a member of the American, Pennsylvania, Erie County and

Illinois Bar Associations (Business Counseling and Tax Sections).  Mr. Spoden is

also a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.



"I am proud to announce the first five members of the board of ERIEBANK. They

bring a substantial degree of knowledge and experience in the financial and

manufacturing industries to the organization and I'm very excited to work with

them.  This level of competency is instrumental to the success of ERIEBANK,"

David Zimmer, President of ERIEBANK, went on to say, "These gentlemen share one

common goal -- to determine the financial needs of the people and businesses

within the community of Erie and then develop and offer the products and

services to meet those needs."



CNB Financial Corporation is a $750 million bank holding company, conducting

business through County National Bank and now ERIEBANK, a Division of County

National Bank, the Corporation's principal subsidiary.



CONTACT:  Leanne Kassab, Marketing Dept. of CNB Financial Corporation,

+1-814-765-9621



Web site:   http://www.bankcnb.com/



SOURCE CNB Financial Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





