aa,PR Newswire,20051116,17:30,332413
                              732 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                    November 16, 2005 Wednesday 10:30 PM GMT



Edge Flooring LLC Announces Acquisition and Investment By an Affiliate of Hunt

Special Situations Group, L.P.



LENGTH: 503  words



DATELINE: DALTON, Ga. Nov. 16





Edge Flooring LLC ("Edge") is excited to announce the completion of a

transaction with an affiliate of Hunt Special Situations Group ("Hunt"), a

middle market private equity group.



The company ( http://www.edgeflooring.com/ ), based in Dalton, Georgia, is a

manufacturer of engineered tile flooring systems for the home center, specialty

retail and distribution markets in the U.S., Canada and Europe. The tile

flooring system is comprised of real porcelain tile or granite mounted to an

interlocking backer board, underlayment, saw blades, transitions and pre-mixed

flexible grout. The company's products can be found in over 3,300 retail

locations worldwide, including Lowe's Home Improvement stores.



The Edge Flooring management team is led by Bill Cralley, president and chief

executive officer. Prior to joining the company, Bill was president of Alcoa

Architectural Products, a $500+ million, multi-national business comprised of

the Kawneer Company, Alumax Products and Alcoa Cladding Systems. Bill has over

24 years experience in the building and construction products and service

industry.



"As an investor in the Edge business, Hunt brings both financial and non-

financial resources to the relationship. Hunt is committed to supporting the

initiatives required to continue to grow the business and bring our expanding

product offering to the broader retail flooring market. This transaction

represents an investment in an exciting company with a unique and differentiated

product offering within an attractive and growing market," said Phil Arra,

senior vice president of Hunt.



Cralley added, "Edge is expanding its product styles and designs to meet the

dynamic needs of the market. Edge is already investing in product development

and expects the new SKUs to hit the market early next spring. Additional

investments are being put into a major new product positioning campaign and

support programs. It is very clear to us that Hunt will allow us to continue to

invest for success in one of the most innovative flooring systems to come to

market in the last decade.



"This transaction is a positive event for us here at Edge, and we believe it

will ultimately translate to an improved ability to provide a unique, quality

product offering. We look forward to our continued partnership and growth with

our existing as well as our new customers," said Cralley.



About Hunt Special Situations Group, L.P.



Hunt Special Situations Group, L.P. ( http://www.huntssg.com/ ) is a private

equity group focused on constructive investments in the middle market. Hunt

brings its financial, operational and business resources to its investments.

Hunt is a private equity investment affiliate of Dallas-based Hunt Consolidated,

Inc. which is operated by Ray L. Hunt with activities in oil and gas, real

estate and principal investing.



CONTACT: Bill Cralley of Edge Flooring LLC, +1-706-876-5137, or

billcralley@edgeflooring.com



Web site: http://www.huntssg.com/  http://www.edgeflooring.com/



SOURCE Hunt Special Situations Group, L.P.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





