aa,PR Newswire US,20060705,12:36,332368
                              687 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       July 5, 2006 Wednesday 4:36 PM GMT



Large OEMs Spend at Least $26M on Warranty Claims, says New AberdeenGroup

Report;

Leader in Service Chain Research Finds that Best-in-Class Companies Spend Less

Than 1% of Revenues on Warranty



LENGTH: 478 words



DATELINE: BOSTON July 5





BOSTON, July 5  /PRNewswire/ -- Despite the fact that some estimates place U.S.

warranty spend upwards of $2 billion per month, nearly one-quarter of companies

have limited to no measures in place to monitor warranty management

effectiveness, and another 40% rely on ad hoc, reactionary measurement,

primarily after the fact, according to the newly published AberdeenGroup report,

'Winning with Integrated Warranty Management.'



Among the report's key findings are that best-in-class service organizations

spend 0.9% of annual revenues on warranty, take an average of 1.4 business days

to process a warranty claim, and have 2.5% of their products returned for repair

within the initial warranty period.



"We found that 60% of best-in-class companies are working hard to integrate

their service organizations more seamlessly with design and manufacturing to

effect positive change in the warranty chain," said Mark Vigoroso, Chief

Research Officer and SVP, Service Chain Research at Aberdeen. Vigoroso offers

manufacturers specific recommendations for warranty chain improvement, which

include the following:



  * Account for cultural nuances when defining warranty terms across

     multiple geographies.



   * Invest the time and resources required to establish trust among supplier

     base.



   * Leverage third parties where appropriate for warranty chain execution.



   * Maintain custom product configurations through repair operation.



   * Do not limit your warranty data management approach to just "reporting."



   * Evaluate next generation technologies like RFID and RPS as potential

     warranty chain facilitators.







'Winning with Integrated Warranty Management' examines how leading OEMs are

differentiating themselves from the rest of the pack in areas such as process

definition, organizational alignment, data management, technology integration,

and performance management.



More than 150 companies participated in the quantitative study, including

Whirlpool Canada, Texas Instruments, Sears Holdings, Samsung Electronics, Trane,

Alcoa, Roche Diagnostics, Canon, Intel, The Toro Company, ABB, Motorola, John

Deere, and Bombardier Aerospace.



To obtain a copy of the report, visit:

http://www.aberdeen.com/link/source.asp?cid=3181&pid=PR070506



AberdeenGroup, Inc. provides fact-based research and insights focused on the

global, technology-driven value chain. Aberdeen's benchmarking, market and

solution assessments, sales acceleration programs, and conferences support

Global 5000 value chain and technology executives and the solution providers who

serve them.



  For more information, visit  http://www.aberdeen.com/  or call 617-723-7890.



   Contact:

   Mark Vigoroso, AberdeenGroup

   617-854-5278,  mark.vigoroso@aberdeen.com





CONTACT: Mark Vigoroso of AberdeenGroup, +1-617-854-5278,

 mark.vigoroso@aberdeen.com



Web site:   http://www.aberdeen.com/



SOURCE AberdeenGroup, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





