aa,PR Newswire,20121206,3:46,331688
                               7 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     December 6, 2012 Thursday 3:46 AM EST



Russia's Aluminium Product Manufacturers Have Nothing to Fear from Accession to

the WTO, Assures Frost & Sullivan;

Benefits will include access to a wider range of export opportunities



LENGTH: 827 words



DATELINE: LONDON, Dec. 6, 2012





 The application range for aluminium products is steadily expanding. To address

changing end-user needs and survive intense competition, manufacturers are

modernising their production facilities and broadening their product portfolios.

In Russia, manufacturers have the added challenge of dealing with the country's

accession to the World Trade Organisation (WTO).



New analysis from Frost & Sullivan ( http://www.industrialautomation.frost.com

), Analysis of Russian Aluminium Products Market, finds that the market

generated 858,000 tonnes in 2011 and estimates this to reach 1,144,000 tonnes in

2016.



Two distinct categories - standardised and customised - comprise the Russian

aluminium products market.



"The market for massive, standardised production is currently dominated by the

three largest producers, Alcoa Inc. (including CJSC Alcoa SMZ (Alcoa SMZ) and

CJSC Alcoa Metallurg Rus (Alcoa MR)), OJSC Kamensk-Uralsky Metallurgical Plant

(KUMZ) and Krasnoyarsk Metallurgical Plant Ltd. (KRAMZ)," noted Frost & Sullivan

Industry Analyst Monika Fechner. "On the other hand, the market has numerous

smaller, specialised companies that manufacture higher, value-added products

such as aluminium profiles, siding, or roofing."



Some end-users require standardised aluminium products. These, for example,

might include foils used in the packaging industry or wires and cables used in

the electronics industry.



In contrast, the construction industry with its diverse needs requires a high

degree of customisation. Aluminium product manufacturers, therefore, have to

find their own specialisations in order to develop their business.



However, fluctuating energy and aluminium prices pose a challenge to market

participants. Russia has accessed the WTO in 2012 and increasing competition

from imports is further challenging domestic companies.



"Local aluminium product companies are afraid that Russian accession to WTO will

squeeze their share in the domestic market, due to the influx of more

competitors and fiercer competition," explained Fechner. "On the other hand,

Russian companies which currently export only around 10 to 20 per cent of their

production, mostly to other CIS countries, Asia and the Middle East, stand to

gain access to a wider range of export opportunities."



Moreover, the rouble is expected to depreciate along with increased exports,

making Russian products cheaper and more attractive to foreign end-users. After

WTO accession, Russian manufacturers are also likely to spend less on imported

foreign equipment, thereby reducing their operational costs.



If you are interested in more information on this study, please send an e-mail

with your contact details to Julia Nikishkina, Corporate Communications, at

julia.nikishkina@frost.com .



Analysis of Russian Aluminium Products Market is part of the Industrial

Automation & Process Control Growth Partnership Services programme, which also

includes research in the following markets: Russian Diamond Market, Russian

Platinum Group Metals (PGM) Market and Russian Tubes and Pipes Market. All

research services included in subscriptions provide detailed market

opportunities and industry trends that have been evaluated following extensive

interviews with market participants.



About Frost & Sullivan



Frost & Sullivan, the Growth Partnership Company, works in collaboration with

clients to leverage visionary innovation that addresses the global challenges

and related growth opportunities that will make or break today's market

participants.



Our "Growth Partnership" supports clients by addressing these opportunities and

incorporating two key elements driving visionary innovation: The Integrated

Value Proposition and The Partnership Infrastructure.



The Integrated Value Proposition provides support to our clients throughout all

phases of their journey to visionary innovation including: research, analysis,

strategy, vision, innovation and implementation. The Partnership Infrastructure

is entirely unique as it constructs the foundation upon which visionary

innovation becomes possible. This includes our 360 degree research,

comprehensive industry coverage, career best practices as well as our global

footprint of more than 40 offices.



For more than 50 years, we have been developing growth strategies for the global

1000, emerging businesses, the public sector and the investment community. Is

your organisation prepared for the next profound wave of industry convergence,

disruptive technologies, increasing competitive intensity, Mega Trends,

breakthrough best practices, changing customer dynamics and emerging economies?



Contact Us:     Start the discussion



Join Us:           Join our community



Subscribe:       Newsletter on "the next big thing"



Register:         Gain access to visionary innovation



Analysis of Russian Aluminium Products MarketM84B-10



Contact:Julia NikishkinaCorporate Communications - EuropeP: +7 (499) 918 6146E:

julia.nikishkina@frost.com



http://www.frost.com



SOURCE Frost & Sullivan



LOAD-DATE: December 07, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





