aa,PR Newswire,20080307,11:18,332222
                              541 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        March 7, 2008 Friday 4:18 PM GMT



Seven Summits Research Releases Comments on BIDU, AA, FSLR, BRCM, and WYNN



LENGTH: 545 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO March 7





CHICAGO, March 7 /PRNewswire/ -- Seven Summits Research releases NewsBites on

key stocks.



Seven Summits Strategic Investments NewsBites are available to all investors at:



http://www.go7now.com/nb/0307Y (Note: You may have to copy this link into your

browser then press the [ENTER] key.)



Today's Seven Summits Strategic Investments NewsBites cover the following

stocks: Baidu.com, Inc.(NASDAQ:BIDU), Alcoa, Inc.(NYSE:AA), First Solar,

Inc.(NASDAQ:FSLR), Broadcom Corp.(NASDAQ:BRCM), and Wynn Resorts

Ltd.(NASDAQ:WYNN).



These brief stock reports may contain details regarding recent or anticipated

stock moves, resistance and support price levels, insider trades, upgrades,

downgrades, and other news from our network of information resources. Reports

may also include hedged trade ideas designed to potentially protect investors

from unexpected market shifts. While other market reports provide only stock

news, we offer strategies that hedge investments against uncertainty. Hedged

trades increase your chances of making a profit, even if a stock goes down.



"Our NewsBites strive to go above and beyond other stock market news reports.

Along with brief concise stories, each NewsBite provides useful information and

tactics on how to ensure your investments are protected with basic hedging

techniques," says Reid Stratton, Seven Summits Senior Analyst. "These essential

news items contain information that can benefit both the expert and the novice

investor who wants to stay ahead of the market by anticipating changes instead

of just reacting to them."



For essential information on stocks that may be poised to move, go to:



http://www.go7now.com/nb/0307Y to find all available Seven Summits Strategic

Investments NewsBites.



Seven Summits Investment Research is an independent investment research group,

which focuses on the U.S. equities and options markets. Our analytical tools,

screening techniques, rigorous research methods and committed staff provide

solid information to help our clients make the best possible investment

decisions. For more information go to



http://www.sevensummitsinvestmentresearch.com/ . CRD# 137114



Your One Stop Introduction to Futures. Considering venturing into the dynamic

futures markets? But where do you start? With the complimentary Intro Guide to

Futures Trading, courtesy of MainStreet Trading. Learn the benefits of leverage;

see basic trading guidelines and more. Get the Guide.



http://www.marketintelligencecenter.com/MST1



All stocks and options shown are examples only -- not recommendations to buy or

sell. Our picks do not represent a positive or negative outlook on any security.

Potential returns do not take into account your trade size, brokerage

commissions or taxes -- expenses that will affect actual investment returns.

Stocks and options involve risk, thus they are not suitable for all investors.

Prior to buying or selling options, a person should request a copy of

Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options available from Catherine at

800-698-9101 or at



http://www.cboe.com/Resources/Intro.aspx . Privacy policy available upon

request.



CONTACT: Marcus Thetmis of Seven Summits Investment Research,

+1-434-293-9100



Web site: http://www.sevensummitsstrategicinvestments.com/



SOURCE Seven Summits Investment Research



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





