aa,PR Newswire,20080303,8:30,332224
                              543 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        March 3, 2008 Monday 1:30 PM GMT



A. M. Castle & Co. Announces Key Commercial Executive Appointment in Its Metals

Business



LENGTH: 633 words



DATELINE: FRANKLIN PARK, Ill. March 3





FRANKLIN PARK, Ill., March 3 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- A. M. Castle &

Co.(NYSE:CAS), a global distributor of specialty metal and plastic products,

value-added services and supply chain solutions, is pleased to announce that Mr.

Curtis M. Samford has joined A. M. Castle & Co. effective today as President of

Castle Metals Oil & Gas commercial unit within its Metals business.



Mr. Samford served since 2005 as Vice President-Oil & Gas and Vice

President-Marketing of Alcoa Wheel Products. Alcoa Inc., is the world's leading

producer of primary aluminum, fabricated aluminum and alumina facilities and

serves the aerospace, automotive, packaging, building and construction,

commercial transportation, and industrial markets. Prior to joining Alcoa, Inc.

in 2005, he was Vice President Commercial Operations at UniPure Corporation, and

from 1988 to 2001 he held several management positions at Shell Chemical, Betz

Industrial and Dresser Atlas. He is a 1984 graduate in geophysics from Texas A&M

University.



"Our strategy includes bringing a strong commercial focus to targeted growth

industries like Aerospace and Oil & Gas, and the manufacturers that serve them.

Within our Metal's business we seek leadership that is dedicated to the needs of

our customers serving these industries," stated Michael Goldberg, President and

CEO of A. M. Castle. "This appointment is a critical step in continuing to

position the Company as the foremost provider of specialty metal products and

supply chain services to targeted industries on a global scale," concluded

Goldberg.



About A. M. Castle & Co.



Founded in 1890, A. M. Castle & Co. is a global distributor of specialty metal

and plastic products and supply chain services, principally serving the producer

durable equipment sector of the economy. Its customer base includes many Fortune

500 companies as well as thousands of medium and smaller-sized firms spread

across a variety of industries. Within its metals business, it specializes in

the distribution of alloy and stainless steels; nickel alloys; aluminum and

carbon. Through its subsidiary, Total Plastics, Inc., the Company also

distributes a broad range of value-added industrial plastics. Together, Castle

operates over 65 locations throughout North America, Europe and Asia. Its common

stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "CAS".



Safe Harbor Statement / Regulation G Disclosure



This release may contain forward-looking statements relating to future financial

results. Actual results may differ materially as a result of factors over which

the Company has no control. These risk factors and additional information are

included in the Company's reports on file with the Securities Exchange

Commission.



The financial statements included in this release contain a non-GAAP disclosure,

EBITDA, which consists of income before provision for income taxes plus

depreciation and amortization, and interest expense, less interest income.

EBITDA is presented as a supplemental disclosure because this measure is widely

used by the investment community for evaluation purposes and provides the reader

with additional information in analyzing the Company's operating results. EBITDA

should not be considered as an alternative to net income or any other item

calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, or as an indicator of operating

performance. Our definition of EBITDA used here may differ from that used by

other companies. A reconciliation of EBITDA to net income is provided per U.S.

Securities and Exchange Commission requirements.



CONTACT: Larry A. Boik, Vice President-Finance & CFO of A. M. Castle &

Co., +1-847-349-2576, lboik@amcastle.com ; or investors, Katie Pyra of Ashton

Partners, +1-312-553-6717, kpyra@ashtonpartners.com , for A. M. Castle & Co.



SOURCE A. M. Castle & Co.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





