aa,U.S. Newswire,20070831,13:45,332253
                              572 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                       August 31, 2007 Friday 1:45 PM EST



United Solar Ovonic Laminates Power Alcoa's Kawneer Facility in California



SECTION: TECHNOLOGY EDITORS



LENGTH: 494 words



DATELINE: AUBURN HILLS, Mich.,  Aug. 31





"This is another important illustration of the potential of UNI-SOLAR products

in large-scale commercial installations," said Subhendu Guha, president and

chief operating officer of United Solar Ovonic. "These installations benefit our

customers, and they benefit the environment. We are gratified to help lead the

growing movement toward the increased use of renewable sources of energy."



"UNI-SOLAR panels were a good fit for this particular project," said David

Schlendorf, president, Alcoa Building and Construction Systems.



Schlendorf continued: "This solar power project increases California's supply of

clean and reliable renewable energy. Alcoa is committed to implementing

sustainable energy solutions and is dedicated to supporting alternative energy

supply options that benefit our key stakeholders - including our employees,

communities, customers and suppliers."



Alcoa partnered on the project with DEERS, a global solar power project

developer and owner of the DEERS Solution(TM), the patent pending solar roof top

attachment system, and Constellation Energy Projects & Services (CEPS), which

constructed and will own and operate the solar system. Alcoa agreed to host the

new solar power system and purchase the electricity generated.



The Alcoa project is owned and operated by Constellation Energy Projects &

Services, which is currently developing and constructing several solar

photovoltaic projects - similar to the size and scope of the Alcoa project - in

the United States.



About United Solar Ovonic



United Solar Ovonic, building on technology invented and pioneered by ECD, is

the world leader in thin-film amorphous photovoltaics. Because of

characteristics unique to the United Solar Ovonic solar cell technology, such as

lightweight, ruggedness and flexibility, it is ideal as building-integrated

photovoltaic roofing systems for residential and industrial customers. ECD and

United Solar Ovonic hold the basic patents covering the continuous roll- to-roll

manufacturing of thin-film amorphous-silicon alloy multi-junction solar cells

and related products. More information is available at www.uni-solar.com.



This release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the

Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions which ECD, as of the

date of this release, believes to be reasonable and appropriate. ECD cautions,

however, that the actual facts and conditions that may exist in the future could

vary materially from the assumed facts and conditions upon which such

forward-looking statements are based. The risk factors identified in the ECD

filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the company's

most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, could impact any forward- looking

statements contained in this release.



SOURCE United Solar Ovonic







Contact: Qudrat Delawari Vice President of United Solar Ovonic LLC,

+1-858-530-8586



LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





