aa,PR Newswire,20111020,24:13,331844
                              163 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     October 20, 2011 Thursday 12:13 PM EST



Patrick Taylor, President and CEO of BestTransport Elected to the Aluminum

Association's Board of Directors



LENGTH: 369 words



DATELINE: ARLINGTON, Va., Oct. 20, 2011





Today, the Aluminum Association announced a new addition to its Board of

Directors, Patrick Taylor, President and CEO of BestTransport, and Associate

Member of the Aluminum Association.



"I have been involved with the Aluminum Association and aluminum industry for

several years and there is no higher praise from my peers than to be elected to

service on the Association's Board of Director," said Patrick Taylor. "As the

Association continues its sustainability initiative, I am excited to contribute

my expertise on developing efficient shipping and logistics."



As CEO of BestTransport, Mr. Taylor works closely with the logistics operations

of several producer members including Alcoa and Aleris.



"I am very excited to see Mr. Taylor and BestTransport represented on the

Association's Board of Directors," said Heidi Biggs Brock, President of the

Aluminum Association. "Mr. Taylor will provide insight from his expertise in

logistical matters vital to any successful business or organization.

BestTransport's expertise allows producers to achieve emission-reducing

logistical operations that are both successful and sustainable."



Before becoming BestTransport CEO, Mr. Taylor founded IMC Supply Chain Services,

an innovative supply chain firm providing sales and consulting services to

shippers and carriers. Prior to joining BestTransport in 1999, Mr. Taylor was

the Manager of System Development and Network Support at Tropical Shipping, a

leading steam ship company moving goods from the U.S. to the Caribbean and South

America.



Mr. Taylor has a B.S. in Chemistry from Imperial College London and is an

Associate of the Royal College of Science in England.



The Aluminum Association, based in Arlington, Virginia, works globally to

aggressively promote aluminum as the most sustainable and recyclable automotive,

packaging and construction material in today's market. The Association

represents U.S. and foreign-based primary producers of aluminum, aluminum

recyclers and producers of fabricated products, as well as industry suppliers.

Member companies operate more than 200 plants in the United States, with many

conducting business worldwide.



James Lewis

703.358.2966

jlewis@aluminum.org



SOURCE The Aluminum Association



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





