aa,U.S. Newswire,20050413,11:34,332451
                              770 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                     April 13, 2005 Wednesday 11:34 AM EST



National Parks Conservation Association Honors Rep. Norm Dicks, TomBrokaw, and

Alcoa; Annual Dinner Salutes Dedicated Natl Park Rangers



SECTION: NATIONAL AND ASSIGNMENT DESKS, ENVIRONMENT REPORTER



LENGTH: 502 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON,  April 13





Rep. Norm Dicks (D- Wash.), journalist Tom Brokaw, and Alcoa will be honored for

their support of the national parks at the National Parks Conservation

Association's annual Salute to the Parks awards dinner. The event, Salute to the

Parks: Celebrating the National Park Ranger, will be at the Ritz Carlton in

Washington, D.C., on Wednesday, April 13, 2005, at 7 p.m. Each year, NPCA's

annual dinner draws hundreds of dignitaries, including members of Congress, the

National Park Service, and distinguished conservationists. This year, NPCA

expects more than 600 guests.



The event theme, Celebrating the National Park Ranger, is a tribute to National

Park Service employees for their dedication, knowledge, and stewardship of the

natural, cultural, and historical treasures held in the public trust.



Rep. Norm Dicks will be recognized with NPCA's William Penn Mott Jr. Park

Leadership Award, bestowed on a public figure that has made a singular

achievement on behalf of park protection. Rep. Dicks is being honored for his

efforts as ranking member of the Interior Appropriations Subcommittee to

increase funding for national parks.



Tom Brokaw will receive NPCA's Robin W. Winks Award for Enhancing Public

Understanding of National Parks, which honors individuals who have effectively

communicated the values of the National Park System. NPCA honors Brokaw's

efforts to bring attention to the threats imperiling the national parks and for

his role in the creation of the World War II Memorial-America's 388th national

park unit.



Alcoa will receive the first Corporate Park Achievement Award for its work to

permanently set aside 10,000 acres for preservation as ecologically significant

land adjacent to Great Smoky Mountains National Park. Alcoa worked with a number

of organizations, including The Nature Conservancy and NPCA, to craft a landmark

agreement that effectively prevents commercial development near this portion of

Great Smoky Mountains, the most visited national park in the National Park

System, and helps to ensure the park's protection for the future.



Booz Allen Hamilton is the underwriter of this year's event. Booz Allen Hamilton

Senior Vice President Joyce Doria is serving as co-chair along with Phyllis

Burns (wife of Sen. Conrad Burns, R-Mont.), Rachel Nugent (wife of Rep. Brian

Baird, D-Wash.), and Diane Souder (wife of Rep. Mark Souder, R-Ind.). The Master

of Ceremonies for the evening's program is Rea Blakey, award-winning journalist

and media consultant.



Photographs available upon request.



------



NPCA-Protecting Parks for Future Generations(r) Since 1919, the nonpartisan

National Parks Conservation Association has been the leading voice of the

American people in protecting and enhancing our National Park System. NPCA, its

members, and partners work together to protect the park system and preserve our

nation's natural, historical, and cultural heritage for generations to come.



http://www.usnewswire.com/







Contact: Andrea Keller of the National Parks Conservation Association,

202-454-3332



LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





