aa,PR Newswire,20081015,13:30,332156
                              475 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     October 15, 2008 Wednesday 5:30 PM GMT



Air Products Announces Investments in Europe;

Building on stated commitment to continue expansion in Central and Eastern

Europe and strengthen leading position in Poland



LENGTH: 669 words



DATELINE: LEHIGH VALLEY, Pa. Oct. 15





LEHIGH VALLEY, Pa., Oct. 15 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Today, Air Products

(NYSE:APD)announced that it is capitalizing on its recent investment in Eastern

Europe with several announcements in the region.



Air Products has signed a contract with Alcoa, in Russia, to supply nitrogen to

Alcoa's aluminum plant in Samara. As part of the agreement, Air Products will

install two high purity nitrogen generators, and will take over the existing

generator on the site. The new generators will be on-stream in 2009.



Russia is an important growth market for Air Products, where the company is

involved in projects in the Moscow region and now in the Samara region.



As the largest supplier of technical and industrial gases in Poland, Air

Products is further strengthening its leadership position in the Polish market

with the announcement today that it will build a state-of-the-art cylinder

filling depot in Warsaw, Poland. The construction is due to start in 2009 and

the depot is due to be operational in 2010. The depot will use the latest

technology to fill over 3,000 cylinders per day at a pressure of 200 bar, which

is the standard cylinder pressure currently used in Poland. A 200 bar cylinder

holds a greater quantity of gas than 150 bar cylinders, which translates into

cost reduction for the users, as less frequent fillings are needed, and in turn

reduces transport and storage costs.



The depot will be equipped to fill cylinders with all types of medical gases,

technical gases, including argon, nitrogen, oxygen, carbon dioxide and mixtures,

and Linx(TM) gases, the most technically-advanced range of welding gases

available in Poland, as well as modified atmospheric packaging (MAP) gases for

the food industry.



This is the second technical gas filling depot to be built by Air Products in

Poland, following the opening of the depot in Kedzierzyn-Kozle in 2005.



In Slovakia, Air Products' new high purity hydrogen plant, in Novaky, is now

on-stream. The plant will bring on additional hydrogen capacity to customers in

Slovakia, Czech Republic, Poland and Hungary. It complements the company's

existing facility in Litvinov, Czech Republic, and will support key industries

such as glass, metals and food.



Erwin Zwicky, President Air Products Europe, said: "Central and Eastern Europe

is a key region for us, as it is showing an impressive growth rate. The

investments we are making show our determination to build on the successful

acquisition of BOC Gazy we made in 2007, which positions us as the number one

industrial gas provider in Poland. Our presence in Central Europe is growing,

and we now operate two hydrogen plants in the region -- in Litvinov, Czech

Republic and Novaky, Slovakia, allowing us to serve customers across the entire

region."



About Air Products



Air Products(NYSE:APD)serves customers in industrial, energy, technology and

healthcare markets worldwide with a unique portfolio of atmospheric gases,

process and specialty gases, performance materials, and equipment and services.

Founded in 1940, Air Products has built leading positions in key growth markets

such as semiconductor materials, refinery hydrogen, home healthcare services,

natural gas liquefaction, and advanced coatings and adhesives. The company is

recognized for its innovative culture, operational excellence and commitment to

safety and the environment. Air Products has annual revenues of $10 billion,

operations in over 40 countries, and 22,000 employees around the globe. For more

information, visit http://www.airproducts.com/ .



***NOTE: This release may contain forward-looking statements. Actual results

could vary materially, due to changes in current expectations.



CONTACT: Media Inquiries, Air Products-U.S., Beth Mentesana,

+1-610-481-2459, mentesbk@airproducts.com , or Air Products-Europe, Guenaelle

Holloway, +011-44-01932-249-245, hollowg1@airproducts.com , or Investor

Inquiries, Nelson Squires, +1-610-481-7461, squirenj@airproducts.com , all of

Air Products



Web site: http://www.airproducts.com/



SOURCE Air Products



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





