aa,PR Newswire,20090327,9:29,332114
                              433 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       March 27, 2009 Friday 1:29 PM GMT



N.C. Legislative Leaders Introduce Bipartisan State Bill Supporting Creation Of

Yadkin River Trust;

N.C. Water Rights Committee Commends Senate Majority And Minority Leaders For

Supporting Measure Benefiting State's Economic And Environmental Future



LENGTH: 947 words



DATELINE: RALEIGH, N.C. March 27





RALEIGH, N.C., March 27 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The N.C. Water Rights

Committee ( http://www.ncwaterrights.org/ ) is commending the filing March 25 of

Senate Bill 967 for the creation of the Yadkin River Trust by its sponsor, state

Sen. Fletcher L. Hartsell, Jr. (R-Cabarrus), and co-sponsors N.C. Senate

Majority Leader Tony Rand (D-Cumberland) and Senate Minority Leader Philip E.

Berger (R-Guilford), as well as state Sens. Stan Bingham (R-Davidson), Daniel

Clodfelter (D-Mecklenburg), William R. Purcell (D-Scotland) and Jerry W. Tillman

(R-Randolph). The Yadkin River Trust is the same plan the N.C. Water Rights

Committee proposed in January as the State Trust Concept, which calls for a

Trust to own and manage the Yadkin Hydroelectric Project of North Carolina

citizens.



The Yadkin River Trust addresses three key issues associated with relicensing

the Yadkin Hydroelectric Project, which includes powerhouses and dams at the

power at High Rock, Tuckertown, Narrows and Falls Reservoirs in Stanly,

Davidson, Rowan and Montgomery counties: water control, job creation and

environmental cleanup. It will honor aspects of the Relicensing Settlement

Agreement (RSA) negotiated by local government and environmental groups in 2009,

including water for the City of Albemarle, a comprehensive drought management

plan (the "Low Inflow Protocol"), water quality improvements for the Yadkin, and

new and expanded public recreation facilities.



However, the Trust will provide more benefits to North Carolina state residents

than what the RSA proposes, including:



  --  An assurance that the water of the Yadkin, which the public owns, will

      be valued for the benefit of all North Carolinians rather than

      exploited for profit.  Under current law, should Alcoa Power

      Generating, Inc. (APGI) receive a 50-year license issued by the

      Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) for the Project, it could

      sell the license for profit at any time to any company, including

      foreign interests, and all terms and power of the license for the

      Project would remain unchanged for its 50-year duration.

  --  Priority consideration to local needs, with the intent of restoring

      and improving the environmental, economic and job considerations in

      and around the Yadkin River.

  --  Power generated from the Project will be used for the benefit of the

      electricity consumers of North Carolina, not a multinational company

      answerable to no one in North Carolina.



  --  All Alcoa properties in Stanly County will be tested for public health

      purposes.







The bill also establishes a Board of Directors of seven members appointed by the

Governor and confirmed by the General Assembly to oversee the Yadkin River Trust

and carry out its goals and activities. At least two of the directors will have

substantial work experience within the operations of electric cooperatives or

investor-owned utilities or substantial experience on an electric cooperative

board or investor-owned utility board but must not serve as an employee or board

member of an electric cooperative or investor-owned utility during their term as

a director.



If approved by the state House and Senate in this session of the General

Assembly, the bill would go to Gov. Bev Perdue for signing into law. Gov. Perdue

has previously indicated her concerns about APGI's ownership of the Yadkin

Hydroelectric Project.



Currently APGI needs a 401 Water Quality Certification from the N.C. Division of

Water Quality (DWQ) along with the FERC license in order to continue to operate

the four dams in the Yadkin Hydroelectric Project as it has done since its first

50-year licensing from the FERC in 1958. The DWQ decision has been delayed at

least until May due to a Feb. 11 study that found fish in Badin Lake had unsafe

levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and has prompted further water

quality tests to determine the origin and extent of the PCBs. If APGI receives a

DWQ certification and the FERC license, it will have an exclusive monopoly on

water rights to conduct hydroelectric operations on the upper Yadkin River for

another 50 years, and the opportunity to make millions in profits selling

electricity generated from waters belonging to North Carolina citizens.



Besides the N.C. Water Rights Committee, other groups on record as opposing

APGI's operation of the Project include the Stanly, Davidson, Randolph, Iredell,

Anson, Cabarrus and Union County Boards of Commissioners, as well as the

Centralina Council of Governments. The Yadkin Riverkeeper(R) and the N.C.

Wildlife Federation have endorsed the State Trust Concept the N.C. Water Rights

Committee proposed that has been adapted for this bill.



Quotes:



"This bill reflects the incredible support state leaders have for reasserting

our water rights," said Nancy McFarlane, president of the N.C. Water Rights

Committee. "It speaks volumes that both the Republican Leader and Democratic

Leader in the state Senate stand behind this measure, and even more, the

co-sponsors represent a breadth of support for the Yadkin River Trust from

Fayetteville to Charlotte. We greatly appreciate the efforts of legislators on

both sides of the aisle who have backed this bill. We look forward to similar

legislation being introduced in the state House and hope that the Trust will

become law in this session of the General Assembly."



  Media Contacts:

  Michelle Wingate

  MMI Associates, Inc.

  (919) 233-6600

  (919) 233-0300 (fax)

  michelle@mmimarketing.com





CONTACT: Michelle Wingate, MMI Associates, Inc., +1-919-233-6600,

+1-919-233-0300 (fax), michelle@mmimarketing.com



Web Site: http://www.ncwaterrights.org/



SOURCE The N.C. Water Rights Committee



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





