aa,PR Newswire US,20051012,20:30,332422
                              741 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                    October 12, 2005 Wednesday 12:30 PM GMT



Diebold Promotes Two Executives to Key Positions;

Swidarski named president and chief operating officer; Krakora named chief

financial officer



LENGTH: 596 words



DATELINE: NORTH CANTON, Ohio Oct. 12





NORTH CANTON, Ohio, Oct. 12  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Diebold, Incorporated

(NYSE:DBD) today promoted two executives to key, senior-level positions within

the company.  Thomas W. Swidarski has been named president and chief operating

officer, and Kevin J. Krakora has been appointed vice president and chief

financial officer.



Swidarski will be responsible for the company's global operations in financial

self-service, security and election systems, including all related functions in

sales, service, manufacturing and development.  Most recently, Swidarski held

the position of senior vice president, financial self-service group.  As CFO,

Krakora will be responsible for the company's global financial systems and

related processes.  Prior to this appointment, he served as vice president,

acting chief financial officer and corporate controller for Diebold.



"After carefully evaluating the areas on which we must focus, as well as the

evolving demands of our stakeholders, the board of directors and I strongly feel

that this organizational structure provides us the best opportunity to succeed.

We also believe it is critical that we proceed at this time to fill these key

leadership roles with people who know our business and understand our customers'

needs," said Walden W. O'Dell, Diebold chairman and chief executive officer.

"Throughout their careers and during their time at Diebold, Tom and Kevin have

proven to be effective, knowledgeable executives and outstanding leaders.  Their

teams will be instrumental in driving our efforts to improve Diebold's operating

performance during this challenging period of time."



Swidarski has held several senior-level operational, marketing, strategic and

business development positions within Diebold since joining the company in 1996.

Prior to that, he held various management positions within the financial

industry for nearly 20 years focusing on marketing, product management, retail

bank profitability, branding and retail distribution. Swidarski was a senior

executive at PNC Bank and several other leading financial institutions.  He

received a bachelor's degree in marketing and management at the University of

Dayton (Ohio), and a master's degree in business management from Cleveland State

University.



Before joining Diebold in 2001, Krakora was senior vice president and chief

financial officer at TelTek, Inc. in Atlanta.  His other previous experience

includes vice president, controller with Alumax Inc.; vice president and

controller of the Customer Service and Support Division for Liebert Corp., a

subsidiary of the Emerson Electric Co., in Columbus, Ohio; and various positions

at Price Waterhouse in Cleveland.  Krakora earned a bachelor's degree from

Columbia University in New York City, and a master's degree in business

administration from Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland.



Diebold, Incorporated is a global leader in providing integrated self- service

delivery systems, security and services. Diebold employs more than 14,000

associates with representation in nearly 90 countries worldwide and is

headquartered in North Canton, Ohio, USA.  Diebold reported revenue of $2.4

billion in 2004 and is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the

symbol 'DBD.'  For more information, visit the company's Web site at

http://www.diebold.com/  .



CONTACT:  Media, Mike Jacobsen, +1-330-490-3796, or  jacobsm1@diebold.com ,

or Investors, John Kristoff, +1-330-490-5900, or  kristoj@diebold.com , both of

Diebold, Incorporated



Web site:   http://www.diebold.com/



SOURCE Diebold, Incorporated



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





