aa,PR Newswire US,20060620,12:01,332371
                              690 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       June 20, 2006 Tuesday 4:01 PM GMT



Mayor Anthony A. Williams Announces That the District of Columbia Will Become

the Nation's First Site to Implement the 'EcoZone(SM)' Program, a Pioneering

Public/Private Partnership to Address District's Environmental Challenges, at No

Additional Cost to Taxpayers;

- Initial Corporate Sponsors Include DaimlerChrysler, CH2M HILL, AbTech, Alcoa,

BAE Systems, Zipcar and Willard Intercontinental Hotel; Government Agencies

Providing Support Include NOAA, EPA and DOE -



LENGTH: 1266 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON June 20





WASHINGTON, June 20  /PRNewswire/ -- In a unique public/private partnership

designed to forge solutions to the District's most critical environmental

challenges, District of Columbia Mayor Anthony A. Williams today announced that

the city will launch the nation's first, and flagship, 'EcoZone(SM),' program

designed to fund important technologies and solutions to measurably improve the

local environment in the areas of air, water, energy and greenspace -- at no

additional cost to taxpayers.



As the Nation's Capital, it is fitting that the District of Columbia should

implement the nation's first -- and flagship -- EcoZone program," said Mayor

Williams.  "In partnering with the federal government and the private sector for

revenue and support, the city can now address some of the most urgent

environmental challenges in our city -- at no additional cost to District

taxpayers.  Washington, DC is one of the most beautiful cities in the world, and

it is critical that we maintain its beauty and a clean and healthy environment

for our residents and visitors."



Initial corporate sponsors for the District of Columbia's EcoZone program

include DaimlerChrysler and CH2M HILL, AbTech Industries, Inc., Alcoa, BAE

Systems, Zipcar and Willard Intercontinental Hotel.  Government agencies that

will lend their support include NOAA, EPA and the Department of Energy.



Mayor Williams made the announcement at a press conference at the City Museum &

Historical Society of Washington, D.C., at Mt. Vernon Square.  Among those

joining the Mayor were Paul Polizzotto, founder and CEO of EcoMedia; John

Bozzella, Vice President of External Affairs and Public Policy, Americas,

DaimlerChrysler Corporation; Liliana Maldonado, Senior Vice President and

Northeast Regional Manager, CH2M HILL; Benjamin Grumbles, Assistant

Administrator, Office of Water, EPA; Alan Hecht, Director for Sustainable

Development, Office of Research and Development, U.S. EPA; Stephanie Branche,

Government Liaison, Region 3, EPA; Richard Moorer, Deputy Assistant Secretary

for Technology Development, U.S. Department of Energy; Elizabeth Scheffler, CFO,

Administrator for Management and Budget, National Ocean Service, NOAA; William

O. Howland, Jr., Director, Department of Public Works, the District of Columbia

and Glenn R. Rink, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, AbTech

Industries, Inc.



The District has entered into an agreement with EcoMedia to implement the

EcoZone program.  EcoMedia is a leading environmental media company that brings

together government and industry to forge solutions to pressing environmental

problems.  The initiative will be funded solely through corporate sponsorships,

with half of all EcoZone revenues generated from educational outdoor signage

going to fund the District's pre-determined environmental and clean energy

projects in each of the EcoZone's four signature areas:  air, energy, water, and

greenspace.



"We are particularly happy today to announce our corporate sponsorship of the

innovative EcoZone program as it launches in the nation's capital," said John

Bozzella, Vice President of External Affairs and Public Policy, Americas,

DaimlerChrysler Corporation.  "The EcoZone program complements our commitment to

developing vehicles that have less impact on our environment, whether that's

through reducing fuel consumption and exhaust emissions, emitting less CO2 or

developing new alternative drive systems, such as fuel cells."



Said Liliana Maldonado, Senior Vice President and Northeast Regional Manager,

CH2M HILL, "We are proud to join in the launch of today's EcoZone program, a

partnership project between communities and companies, because it reflects CH2M

HILL's ongoing mission to protect and preserve natural resources around the

globe. Since 1946, CH2M HILL has been helping clients provide high quality

drinking water and sanitation for communities around the globe, environmental

remediation, sustainable development, habitat restoration, energy efficiency,

green architecture and low impact development.  From planning to design to

construction and operations, CH2M HILL embraces health, safety and environmental

protection because it is the right thing to do for our people, our communities

and our environment."



Under the EcoZone program, educational signage featuring environmental messages

will be posted throughout the district.  The signage will include EcoZone's

public education messages reminding consumers to recycle, ride- share, turn

lights off when not in use and avoid littering, among other eco- friendly tips.

In the District of Columbia there will be approximately 100 EcoZone signs

located throughout the city.



Half of the revenues from the EcoZone corporate sponsorships of educational

outdoor signage will go directly to a dedicated and audited government account

to fund the pre-determined environmental projects selected by the District

government.  This will help the city comply with federal environmental

regulations, and/or fund new local environmental programs that otherwise would

not happen.  Cleanup projects can include:



  * Storm drain catch basin insert filters that mitigate storm water runoff,

   * Hybrid and alternative fuel vehicles for municipal fleets that improve

     both air quality and energy efficiency,

   * Solar paneling on city facilities to provide alternative, cleaner

     energy,

   * Greening projects to convert industrial lots into green space.







At the event today, Glenn R. Rink of AbTech Industries provided a demonstration

of storm water filters, one of the many environmental products that the

EcoZone/Adopt-A-Waterway program has funded in the past.



EcoZone leverages program sponsorships to fund, produce and administer

comprehensive public education and environmental outreach programs, including

local cable television and radio public service commercials, grassroots

education campaigns, branded merchandise, local community events and online

media.



Paul Polizzotto, Founder and Chief Executive Officer, EcoMedia, said, "We

commend Mayor Williams for his commitment to the quality of life in the District

of Columbia and for joining with businesses to launch our nation's first EcoZone

program.  The District's EcoZone program, we hope, will be the beginning of a

national grassroots movement among cities, corporations and consumers working

together to improve and strengthen our environment."



Additional cities and states to be included in a 2006 national rollout of the

EcoZone program include: Miami; Long Beach and other Southern California

communities; and the State of New Jersey, among others.  EcoZone is the second

public private sponsorship model created by and managed by EcoMedia.  Its pilot

program, Adopt-A-Waterway(R), was launched in 2001.  This award-winning,

national program pioneered the public/private model of raising money for

environmental cleanup -- at no additional cost to taxpayers -- and is currently

underway in Miami, FL, Long Beach, CA, Sacramento County, CA, as well as other

communities throughout the country.



Based in New York City, EcoMedia is a leading environmental media company

dedicated to pioneering market-based media solutions that generate necessary

funds and resources to address critical environmental challenges.  For more

information, log on to:   http://www.ecomedia.us/ .



CONTACT:  Susan Bluttman, +1-240-453-9892,  bluttman@earthlink.net , or

Karen Baratz, +1-240-497-1811,  kbaratz@comcast.net , both of McReynolds Elek

Communications; or Janice Sakamoto of EcoMedia, +1-310-871-6889,

 janice@ecomedia.us



Web site:   http://www.ecomedia.us/



SOURCE EcoMedia



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





