aa,PR Newswire,20110105,8:30,331954
                              273 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     January 5, 2011 Wednesday 8:30 AM EST



Global X Funds Launches First Aluminum ETF



LENGTH: 596 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK, Jan. 5, 2011





NEW YORK, Jan. 5, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Global X Funds, the New York based

provider of exchange traded funds, today launched the Global X Aluminum ETF

(Ticker: ALUM). The launch is the latest expansion in the ETF issuer's global

commodity producer funds and is the first ETF globally focused on aluminum.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101104/NY94886LOGO )



Aluminum is one of the most heavily consumed metals in the world, its malleable

and corrosion-resistant properties make it important for applications in energy,

industrials, and consumer goods. In the last decade, the demand for aluminum has

grown 38% compared to 20% for other metals, according to Bloomberg.



"We are pleased to offer the Aluminum ETF, which follows in the footsteps of our

other highly successful industrial metal ETF, the Global X Copper Miners ETF

(Ticker: COPX)," says Bruno del Ama, CEO of Global X Funds. "Aluminum has seen

tremendous price increases as a result of increased global demand, especially

from China and India. Its invaluable properties to various industries make it

essential for future economic growth."



The Global X Aluminum ETF tracks the Solactive Global Aluminum Index, which is

designed to track the performance of the largest and most liquid companies

globally in the aluminum mining industry. As of December 13, 2010, the three

largest components of the index were Rio Tinto plc, Alcoa, Inc. and Norsk Hydro

ASA.



ABOUT GLOBAL X FUNDS



Global X Funds is an innovative provider of exchange-traded funds that

facilitates access to investment opportunities across the global markets. As one

of the fastest growing ETF providers in the world, it recently exceeded $1

billion in managed assets across the largest suite of China-sector and

Brazil-focused funds, as well as Global Commodities fund suites. Global X Funds

is based in New York City. For more information, please visit

www.globalxfunds.com



DISCLOSURE



Investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal. International

investing may involve risk of capital loss from unfavorable fluctuations in

currency values, from differences in generally accepted accounting principles,

or from economic or political instability in other nations. Emerging markets

involve heightened risks related to the same factors as well as increased

volatility and lower trading volume. Investments focusing on a single country

may be subject to higher volatility. There are additional risks associated with

investing in base and precious metals as well as their respective mining

industries.



Carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risk factors, charges and

expenses before investing. This and additional information can be found in the

Funds' prospectus, which may be obtained by calling 1-888-GX-FUND-1

(1.888.493.8631), or by visiting www.globalxfunds.com. Read the prospectus

carefully before investing.



Global X Management Company, LLC serves as an advisor to the Global X Funds. The

Funds are distributed by SEI Investments Distribution Co., which is not

affiliated with Global X Management Company or any of its affiliates.



Structured Solutions AG Indexes have been licensed for use by Global X

Management Company, LLC. Global X Funds are not sponsored, endorsed, issued,

sold, or promoted by Structured Solutions AG, nor does this company make any

representations regarding the advisability of investing in the Global X Funds.



Index data source: Structured Solutions AG.

CONTACT:                                                      Alexandra Levis

                                                                 212.644-6440

                                                      alevis@globalxfunds.com



SOURCE Global X Funds







CONTACT:Alexandra Levis, +1-212-644-6440, alevis@globalxfunds.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





