aa,PR Newswire US,20050531,7:15,332442
                              761 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       May 31, 2005 Tuesday 11:15 AM GMT



Research and Markets: Global Market for Road Wheels: Market Trends, Companies

and Forecasts to 2010



LENGTH: 556 words



DATELINE: DUBLIN, Ireland May 31





DUBLIN, Ireland, May 31  /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets (

http://www.researchandmarkets.com/reports/c18423 ) has announced the addition of

Global Market For Road Wheels: Market Trends, Companies And Forecasts To 2010 --

2nd Edition to their offering.



(Logo:   http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20040820/RESEARCH  )



Since being rolled out by the Ancient Greeks around 3500 BC, the wheel has been

constantly reinvented. Today, the main development trends in the automotive

wheels industry centre on producing larger, brighter and cheaper wheels.



Wheels for passenger cars and light trucks are made of steel or aluminium. Steel

and aluminium offer vehicle makers a range of options. Steel wheels, which are

heavier than aluminium wheels, are typically low-cost, high-volume production

items that consist of two separate pieces -- a rim and a centre -- welded

together. Aluminium wheels are generally lighter in weight, more readily styled

and more expensive than steel wheels. Aluminium wheels are around 20% lighter

than steel wheels, but the material and manufacturing costs are considerably

higher, making them at least three times more expensive than steel wheels.



Given that aluminium wheels are lighter and more easily styled than steel, it is

hardly surprising to see increasing fitment rates either as standard or optional

fitment. In North America, more than half of all new cars feature aluminium

wheels while over one-third of cars in Europe now come equipped with them.

Although alloy wheels are easier to style, the material and manufacturing costs

associated with them makes them more expensive to build. For that reason, we are

unlikely to see the total eclipse of alloy over steel.



This report covers the global road wheel market which it divides into two

segments: OE (original equipment supplied to the vehicle makers) and

aftermarket. The scope of this report is confined to OE supply of road wheels.



Chapter two identifies the OE aluminium and steel wheel market shares in Europe,

North America, South America, Asia-Pacific region and other regions. The product

fitment forecasts in this study extend to 2010, determining the market worldwide

(and by major car-producing region) for alloy and steel wheels by volume and

value. The forecasts for OE volumes and values in this report are dependent on

the underlying drivers of supply and demand. The estimates are supported by

interviews with experts at wheels manufacturers and OEMs across Europe, North

America and Japan. All in all, this report includes 15 product forecast data

sets plus share analysis of five markets. This section concludes with a roundup

of recent merger and acquisition activity and a summary of the main wheel

producers' business activities.



Chapter three provides brief profiles of the major road wheel manufacturers

(both aluminium and steel), namely, Accuride, Alcoa, Amcast, ArvinMeritor, Hayes

Lemmerz, Otto Fuchs, Superior Industries and Topy Industries.



For more information visit  http://www.researchandmarkets.com/reports/c18423



   Laura Wood

    Senior Manager

    Research and Markets

 press@researchandmarkets.com

    Fax: +353 1 4100 980





CONTACT:  Laura Wood, Senior Manager, Research and Markets,

 press@researchandmarkets.com , Fax: +353-1-4100-980



Web site:   http://www.researchandmarkets.com/reports/c18423



SOURCE Research and Markets



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





