aa,PR Newswire,20080508,20:25,332196
                              515 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       May 8, 2008 Thursday 12:25 PM GMT



Applied Isotope Technologies will Exclusively Supply Biochemimarker(TM)

Discovery Products for a Unique Pilot Study on Autism



LENGTH: 620 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH May 8





PITTSBURGH, May 8 /PRNewswire/ -- Applied Isotope Technologies ("AIT") announced

today that the company's Biochemimarker(TM) Discovery Products will be

exclusively used for the analyses of samples from autistic children for

metabolic biochemical assessment when they are placed in an Environmental

Pediatric Room to be constructed at The Children's Institute in Pittsburgh, PA.

Scott Faber, MD, a specialist in Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD) will lead a

team of scientists for this pilot project that aims to study the effects of

environmental factors on this debilitating set of disorders. Duquesne

University's Skip Kingston, Ph.D., will conduct the analytical tasks and provide

the biochemimarker data. Funding for the initial phase of the project was

provided by Alcoa Company as a $200,000 grant. At the conclusion of the

feasibility phase, the work will be expanded with funding from other sources,

both public and private. According to Scott Faber, MD, the lead investigator,

"the Alcoa grant gives The Children's Hospital an opportunity to explore the

possible connections that may exist between environmental factors and autism."



Matt Pamuku, CEO of AIT said, "The products offered by AIT, especially the

consumable kits are tailor-made for this pioneering work. Through accurate

profiling of biologically significant mercury species as a function of response

to environment exposure, for example, some of the questions concerning

thimerosal -- a mercury containing vaccine preservative -- might be answered."

Mr. Pamuku added, "In the future, such measurements will reveal new information

that may lead to better health risk assessment and early intervention choices

for ASD similar to the currently mandated PKU tests that are done for all

newborn babies in the US." PKU, or phenylketonuria, is an inborn error of

metabolism that affects 1 in 10,000 babies. Identification of PKU in children at

birth allows immediate intervention through a special diet that circumvents

severe ASD-like disabilities.



Mr. Pamuku stated "There is an urgent need for an accurate biochemical

diagnostic tool that will permit accurate assessment and early intervention of

ASD which afflicts as many as 1 in 150 children in the USA today."



AIT is a development stage company dedicated to biochemimarker discovery for new

or improved disease diagnostics and more efficient therapy based on a new set of

information about environmental factors affecting the onset and progression of

many neurological and immunological diseases. The company is also the recipient

of funding from the US Armed Forces for the development of a transportable

Integrated Instrument Method System (IIMS) which is an automated sampling and

detection device for highly accurate detection and identification of chemical

and biological agents with AIT's core technologies integrated into the IIMS.

Presently, AIT develops and sells EPA Method 6800 compliant consumable kits that

are used in a special class of measurement instruments called mass spectrometers

that are widely used in almost every laboratory involved in environment-related

analytical work. AIT's patent-protected mercury speciation products, for

example, facilitates accurate measurement of highly toxic mercury species,

including methylmercury, ethylmercury and inorganic mercury, that can be found

in some of the food sources, such as fish -- a popular food source.



  For more information, contact Applied Isotope Technologies:

  http://www.sidms.com/



  TM - Biochemimarker is a trademark of Applied Isotope Technologies, Inc.





CONTACT: Matt Pamuku of Applied Isotope Technologies, +1-408-472-2333,

Fax: +1-408-245-2333, info@SIDMS.com



Web site: http://www.sidms.com/



SOURCE Applied Isotope Technologies



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





