aa,PR Newswire,20081208,13:30,332139
                              458 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      December 8, 2008 Monday 6:30 PM GMT



Southern Company Elects Hagen as New Board Member



LENGTH: 503 words



DATELINE: ATLANTA Dec. 8





ATLANTA, Dec. 8 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Southern Company today announced the

election of Veronica M. (Ronee) Hagen, 62, to its board of directors. Hagen, a

25-year executive veteran of global operational management and commercial

business leadership, is currently CEO of Polymer Group, Inc., a leading producer

and marketer of engineered materials.



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20080801/SOCOLOGO )



"Ronee Hagen brings a wealth of knowledge and experience to our Southern Company

board and her solid history of operations management and business leadership

will be very valuable," said Southern Company Chairman, President and Chief

Executive Officer David Ratcliffe.



Prior to Polymer Group, Inc., Hagen was president and CEO of Sappi Fine Paper, a

$1.4 billion division of the South African based global leader in the pulp and

paper industry, Sappi Limited. There, she achieved year-over-year improvement in

cash flow and profitability with a strong focus on safety, productivity and

working capital management. Before Sappi Fine Paper, Hagen was vice president

and chief customer officer at Alcoa, where she previously served as business

unit president of Alcoa Engineered Products. Hagen also owned and operated Metal

Sales Associates, a privately-owned business that sold ferrous and nonferrous

metals. She sold her business in 1996 and joined Alumax as executive vice

president. Alcoa acquired Alumax in 1998.



Hagen is a member of the boards of directors of Polymer Group, Inc. and Newmont

Mining Corporation, where she serves on the Operations & Safety Committee and

the Environmental & Social Responsibility Committee. Hagen is also a member of a

number of organizations, including The Committee of 200, the Chicago Network,

Women Corporate Directors, and The Economic Club of Chicago.



Hagen holds a bachelor's degree in international relations from the University

of Southern California and has participated in executive education programs in

finance from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and an

executive leadership program at Harvard University.



With 4.4 million customers and more than 42,000 megawatts of generating

capacity, Atlanta-based Southern Company(NYSE:SO)is the premier energy company

serving the Southeast. A leading U.S. producer of electricity, Southern Company

owns electric utilities in four states and a growing competitive generation

company, as well as fiber optics and wireless communications. Southern Company

brands are known for excellent customer service, high reliability and retail

electric prices that are significantly below the national average. Southern

Company has been listed the top ranking U.S. electric service provider in

customer satisfaction for nine consecutive years by the American Customer

Satisfaction Index (ACSI). Visit our Web site at http://www.southerncompany.com/

.



CONTACT: Valerie Holpp of Southern Company, +1-404-506-5333,

+1-866-506-5333, media@southerncompany.com



Web site: http://www.southerncompany.com/



SOURCE Southern Company



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





