aa,PR Newswire,20071221,9:00,332243
                              562 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      December 21, 2007 Friday 2:00 PM GMT



Pennsylvania NanoMaterials Commercialization Center now Accepting Proposals for

Product Development Projects;

Previous two rounds of funding totaled more than $1 million



LENGTH: 456 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH Dec. 21





PITTSBURGH, Dec. 21 /PRNewswire/ -- The Pennsylvania NanoMaterials

Commercialization Center has announced its third call for proposals from

companies throughout Pennsylvania to apply for grants available for the

development of nano-related products.



The Center targets partnerships of researchers from universities, small

companies, large companies and entrepreneurs in the growing field of

nanomaterials, and it funds projects that have commercial or defense

applications. The Center requests pre-proposal idea submissions prior to formal

proposals. Each proposer received feedback from the Center on the suitability of

their idea submission and adherence to the Center's guidelines, along with

advice on submitting a full proposal. The deadline for proposals in this round

is January 31, 2008.



All proposals are judged by the Center's technical advisory committee that

recommended the most promising ideas to the Center's governing board for

funding. The advisory committee is made up of 19 leading researchers in the

field of nanotechnology from Pennsylvania universities, small and large

technology companies and federal laboratories.



Companies that previously won awards include Plextronics Inc., Illuminex

Corporation, NanoRDC LLC, Crystalplex Corp., Integran Technologies USA and

HydroGen Corporation. Awards to date have totaled in excess of $1 million.



The grants were made possible as a result of funding from the Commonwealth of

Pennsylvania and the U.S. Air Force. A grant totaling $1 million from the

state's Ben Franklin Technology Development Authority to the Center was

announced by Governor Rendell in August, 2006. This state support is part of the

Pennsylvania Initiative in Nanotechnology (PIN) which is intended to capitalize

on the exciting new field of nanotechnology to create new companies and high

technology jobs throughout the commonwealth. To date, the Center also has

received total funding in the amount of $1,743,424 from the Air Force Research

Labs through the Wright Brothers Institute in Dayton, Ohio, in addition to Heinz

Foundation grants.



The Pennsylvania NanoMaterials Commercialization Center was established through

the efforts of its founding members: Alcoa, US Steel, PPG Industries, Bayer

MaterialScience, Carnegie Mellon University and the Pittsburgh Technology

Council. In addition, The Center is closely aligned with the state's PIN program

and has partner relationships with The Pennsylvania State University and The

University of Pittsburgh.



Visit:



http://www.pananocenter.org/



CONTACT: Kevin Lane of Pennsylvania NanoMaterials Commercialization

Center, +1-412-687-0200 ext. 247, klane@pghtech.org



Web site: http://www.pananocenter.org/



SOURCE Pennsylvania NanoMaterials Commercialization Center



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





