aa,PR Newswire,20080616,11:51,332184
                              503 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        June 16, 2008 Monday 3:51 PM GMT



Cleveland High School Teachers Learn Secrets of 'GAK' to Bring Fun to Learning

About Science, Technology and Math



LENGTH: 493 words



DATELINE: CLEVELAND June 16





CLEVELAND, June 16 /PRNewswire/ -- This week at Case Western Reserve University,

local high school and middle school teachers will learn a new way to teach

science and mathematics to their students using ingenuity, creativity and a lot

of "gak," the super-slimy polymer.



With the support of Swagelok, Alcoa, ArcelorMittal, Case Western Reserve

University, NACE Foundation, NASA Glenn Research Center and ASM International,

the ASM Teachers Camp program will bring 32 teachers to Case for activities and

hands-on learning.



"We are hosting 12 teachers from Cleveland Public Schools, including John Hay,

East Tech, Lincoln-West, and Glenville High. Teachers from suburban schools from

Brecksville-Broadview Heights to Wickliffe round out the attendees," said

Sunniva Collins, Ph. D., senior research fellow at Swagelok.



"We're going to show these teachers a new way to use materials to teach science,

technology, engineering and mathematics, or STEM," Collins said. "For example:

What happens when a bunch of high school teachers start to make that funky

polymer that feels like slime but holds together like putty? They have fun --

and they learn something that they can translate to their students."



The Cleveland Camp is the first of five Ohio camps in summer 2008. It is a

five-day commuter camp, aimed at teachers local to Northeast Ohio. In addition

to instruction in a curriculum aligned with Ohio's standards, the Camp schedule

includes field trips, lunch speakers and peer interaction.



ASM Materials Camp for Teachers is a proven program that strengthens the

curriculum in STEM at the secondary level. "By introducing teachers to the

engineering profession, we will be influencing students for years to come. This

is a really important effort as we team up to strengthen secondary STEM

education in Northeast Ohio," Collins said.



"It's all part of the mission of the ASM Materials Education Foundation," said

Charles R. Hayes, the foundation's executive director. "We're all about exciting

young people in materials, science and engineering careers. Our objective is to

help to create a better trained workforce for Cleveland's future -- one that

will support a technology-driven economy."



Based in Cleveland since 1920, ASM International, The Materials Information

Society, is the world's leading society for materials science and engineering.

Visit  http://www.asminternational.org/ for more details about ASM, and

http://www.asminternational.org/foundation for details about the ASM Foundation.



  Contact:  Rego Giovanetti

            ASM International, The Materials Information Society

            440-338-5151 ext. 5622

            rego.giovanetti@asminternational.org





CONTACT: Rego Giovanetti of ASM International, The Materials Information

Society, +1-440-338-5151 ext. 5622, rego.giovanetti@asminternational.org



Web site: http://www.asminternational.org/

 http://www.asminternational.org/foundation



SOURCE ASM International, The Materials Information Society



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





