aa,PR Newswire,20051205,13:10,332409
                              728 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      December 5, 2005 Monday 6:10 PM GMT



DAG Media Introduces DAG Interactive Yellow Pages Innovator Announces the

Formation of a Subsidiary and Execution of a Services Agreement With Ocean-7

Development, Inc.



LENGTH: 639  words



DATELINE: NEW YORK Dec. 5





DAG Media Inc.(NASDAQ:DAGM)



Dag Media announces today a formation of a subsidiary, DAG Interactive, Inc.

("DAG Interactive"), which will be held 80% by DAG media, Inc ("DAG Media"), and

20% by Ocean-7 Development, Inc ("Ocean-7"). The objective of DAG Interactive is

to introduce DAG Media's unique and innovative software solution to the online

Yellow Pages industry. The details of this innovative technology will be

disclosed and presented immediately after DAG Media completes and files its

patent application for the solution. DAG Media estimates a launch and operation

to commence in approximately six months. DAG Interactive was formed pursuant to

a web site company formation development and services agreement between the

company and ocean-7.



Mr. Mark Alhadeff, president of Ocean-7, will join the Board of Directors of DAG

Media and will also serve together with Mr. Assaf Ran, Chairman of the Board and

CEO of DAG Media, as a board member of DAG Interactive. Mr. Alhadeff, co-founder

of Ocean-7, is a prominent software development and Internet expert. Ocean-7 has

a ten-year track record of building technology solutions for such companies as

VH1; Alcoa; Citigroup; Knoll Furniture; Mitsubishi; Symantec; Clayton, Dubilier

& Rice; and North Castle Partners.



"When Assaf presented the basic architecture of the solution to us we were very

impressed," Mr. Alhadeff explained. "While we talk to people with software ideas

all the time, most of the ideas don't inspire us enough to seek an ownership

position in the company. This was different. We look forward to flexing our

technology muscles and working with the DAG team to see these ideas come to

life."



Assaf Ran stated, "As a player in the print Yellow Pages industry, we have

witnessed an increasing drift of advertisers towards the internet. The current

situation does not offer a clear and simple on-line solution to the vast

majority of the printed Yellow Pages advertisers, mainly small businesses.

Search engines provide partial solution mainly to those businesses, which has

updated web-sites on-line technology capability and the ability to perform

search engines results optimization. For the typical small business, the only

other options are web sites of the printed Yellow Pages publishers. These web

sites usually provide only basic listings (name, address, phone number) sorted

by business categories - hardly meeting the marketing and communications needs

of the small business community.



Our innovative technology is backed by years of experience; analyzing and

understanding our costumers' needs and expectations; and listening to our

advertisers and end-users. Our software offers a complete internet solution to

each and every small business and Yellow Pages end-user in the nation", added

Mr. Ran.



DAG Media publishes and distributes Yellow Pages for domestic niche markets. We

also operate several web sites that complement our directories at

http://www.jewishyellow.com; http://www.jewishmasterguide.com; and

http://www.theonlykosherdirectory.com



Forward-looking statements in this release are made pursuant to the "safe

harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and

uncertainties, including, without limitation, continued acceptance of the

Company's products, increased levels of competition, new products introduced by

competitors, changes in the rates of subscriber acquisition and retention, and

other risks detailed from time to time in the Company's periodic reports filed

with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



CONTACT: Assaf Ran, CEO, or Yael Shimor-Golan, CFO, both of DAG Media,Inc.,

+1-718-520-1000



Web site: http://www.jewishyellow.com/  http://www.jewishmasterguide.com/

http://www.theonlykosherdirectory.com/



SOURCE DAG Media Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





