aa,PR Newswire,20120618,9:30,331763
                              82 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        June 18, 2012 Monday 9:30 AM EST



Zacks Earnings Preview: Alcoa, FedEx, Oracle, Discover Financial and Carnival



LENGTH: 892 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, June 18, 2012





Zacks.com releases the list of companies likely to issue earnings surprises.

This week's list includes Alcoa (NYSE:AA), FedEx , Oracle (Nasdaq:ORCL),Discover

Financial and Carnival Corp (NYSE:CCL).



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



To see more earnings analysis, visit http://at.zacks.com/?id=3207.



Every day, Zacks.com makes 4 stock picks available, free of charge. To see them,

go to http://at.zacks.com/?id=3567.



Bernanke to Follow Greek Vote



This Sunday's Greek election will likely have a lot of bearing on the week's

trading action. But we also have the FOMC meeting during the week and the

Bernanke press event afterwards, where the expectation is for some positive news

(read: more QE) from the central bank. The G-20 meeting in Mexico may result in

a lot of exhortations for Germany to do more, but nothing concrete may come out

of it.



If anything has kept the market in good cheer in recent days -- despite all the

negative headlines coming out of Europe -- it is these hopes that the Fed will

come through this week with a helping hand. Greece and the Fed aside, we have a

number of key housing industry reports on the docket, ranging from homebuilder

sentiment to Starts and Existing Home sales.



We are still some days away from what is generally considered the start of the

earnings season when aluminum producer Alcoa (NYSE:AA) reports results. But we

'officially' count all companies that have financial quarters ending in May as

part of our second quarter results tally. And many of these companies are

starting to come out with results this week. We have a total of 32 companies

reporting results in the week, including 12 companies from the S&P 500. The list

of companies reporting this week includes a few bellwether names like FedEx and

Oracle (Nasdaq:ORCL).



Monday - 6/18 The market's primary driver this morning will be the result of

Greek election, which will likely drown out the June Home Builders' Index coming

out in the morning. We may have a coordinated central bank liquidity action

should the Greek vote result come out unfavorable. The two-day G-20 summit

meeting gets underway in the Mexican resort town of Los Cabos. The German

Chancellor, Angela Merkel, has been making some noise ahead of the meeting,

likely in an effort to preempt pressure from world leaders to 'do more.' The

Home Builder Index, which basically reflects builder sentiment, reached a

multi-year high in May, but is expected to moderately pull back this month.

Tuesday - 6/19 We will get the May Housing Starts data in the morning. We got a

strong reading on the Starts and Permits front last month and the expectation is

for Starts to increase to 725K level in May. We will get earnings results

fromDiscover Financial (NYSE:DFS), FedExand Carnival Corp before the market

opens.



Sheraz Mian is the Director of Research for Zacks.com.



About the Zacks Rank



Since 1988, the Zacks Rank has proven that "Earnings estimate revisions are the

most powerful force impacting stock prices." Since inception in 1988, #1 Rank

Stocks have generated an average annual return of +28%. During the 2000-2002

bear market, Zacks #1 Rank stocks gained +43.8%, while the S&P 500 tumbled

-37.6%. Also note that the Zacks Rank system has just as many Strong Sell

recommendations (Rank #5) as Strong Buy recommendations (Rank #1). Since 1988,

Zacks Rank #5 stocks have significantly underperformed the S&P 500 (+3% versus

+10%). Thus, the Zacks Rank system allows investors to truly manage portfolio

trading effectively.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter offers continuous coverage of the

industries and the stocks poised to outperform the market. Subscribe to this

free newsletter today by visiting http://at.zacks.com/?id=4988.



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Len Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in stock

market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his many

accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system; the

Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1 margin.

The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market insights

of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit

from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to

be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros

by going to http://at.zacks.com/?id=3568.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/ZacksInvestmentResearch



Zacks Investment Research is under common control with affiliated entities

(including a broker-dealer and an investment adviser), which may engage in

transactions involving the foregoing securities for the clients of such

affiliates.



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Contact: Sheraz MianCompany: Zacks.comPhone: 312-265-9211 Email: pr@zacks.com

Visit: www.Zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





