aa,PR Newswire,20121204,18:15,331690
                               9 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      December 4, 2012 Tuesday 6:15 PM EST



U.S.-Russia Business Council Welcomes Senate's Move to Take Up Russia PNTR

Legislation



LENGTH: 446 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 4, 2012





 The U.S.-Russia Business Council (USRBC) welcomed news today that the U.S.

Senate is poised to consider legislation to remove Russia from the Jackson-Vanik

amendment and extend Permanent Normal Trade Relations (PNTR).  The decision by

Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's (D-NV) to make Russia PNTR the next item of

business on the Senate's legislative agenda means that U.S. manufacturers,

service providers, ranchers and farmers will soon be able to fully access

commercial opportunities equal to those of their foreign competitorsanddefend

their rights in the Russian market.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120713/MM40069LOGO-b )



"In support of much-needed U.S. economic growth and job creation, we strongly

encourage the Senate to pass the current version of the Russia PNTR bill passed

by the House of Representatives," said Klaus Kleinfeld, Chairman of USRBC and

Chairman and CEO of Alcoa.



The Russia PNTR measure the Senate will consider (H.R. 6156) passed the House by

365-43, garnering the votes of 138 Democrats and 227 Republicans - and the bill

enjoys significant bipartisan support in the Senate as well.  From the Senate

bill's introduction by Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus and Senators

John Thune (R-SD), John Kerry (D-MA), and John McCain (R-AZ) to collaborative

efforts between Finance Committee Chairman Baucus and Ranking Member Orrin Hatch

(R-UT), followed by an unprecedented unanimous vote for the bill in the Senate

Finance Committee, Russia PNTR has stood out as an issue where legislators can

stand together for the U.S. economy and U.S. jobs.



"This legislation is about giving U.S. business a fair shake in Russia - it's

about locking in rules and defending the rights of our companies in the 9th

largest market in the world.  Russia has been a WTO member since August.  It's

time for the Senate to take this over the finish line," said Ed Verona,

President of the USRBC, which leads the business community effort on Russia

PNTR. "We urge the Senate to pass H.R. 6156 without amendment."



The U.S.-Russia Business Council (USRBC) represents the interests of its 250

U.S. and Russian member companies, providing business development and government

relations support in both Moscow and Washington. The USRBC contributes to the

stability and development of a free market in Russia and supports Russia's

integration into the global economy. It also serves as the Secretariat for the

Coalition for U.S.-Russia Trade. Learn more at http://www.usrbc.org and

http://www.usrussiatrade.org .



SOURCE U.S.-Russia Business Council







CONTACT: Randi Levinas, Executive Vice President, U.S.-Russia Business Council,

+1-202-739-9196, levinas@usrbc.org



LOAD-DATE: December 05, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





