aa,PR Newswire,20120308,14:47,331803
                              122 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       March 8, 2012 Thursday 2:47 PM EST



ATA Welcomes Alcoa Wheel and Transportation Products as Newest Allied Member



LENGTH: 510 words



DATELINE: ARLINGTON, Va., March 8, 2012





Today, American Trucking Associations President and CEO Bill Graves proudly

welcomed Alcoa Wheel and Transportation Products as the federation's newest

allied member.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20100129/ATALOGO)



"We need active and engaged companies to help overcome the challenges facing the

trucking industry today," Graves said. "When industry leaders like Alcoa step

up, it only makes our industry and our federation stronger and more capable."



"We're happy to stand with ATA as it stands up for the nation's trucking

industry," said Merrick Murphy, Vice President and General Manager for Alcoa's

Commercial Vehicle Wheel business. "ATA has long been a strong voice for

trucking and its dedication to serve its member companies and the industry as a

whole is a value shared by Alcoa Wheel and Transportation Products."



American Trucking Associations is the largest national trade association for the

trucking industry. Through a federation of 50 affiliated state trucking

associations and industry-related conferences and councils, ATA is the voice of

the industry America depends on most to move our nation's freight. Follow ATA on

Twitter or on Facebook. Good stuff. Trucks Bring It!



About Alcoa Wheel and Transportation Products



Alcoa Wheel and Transportation Products, headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio,

serves the commercial vehicle, automotive, and defense markets with products

used in a range of applications including forged aluminum wheels, premium

products such as Dura-Bright速, Dura-Flange速, LvL ONE速 and M-Series(TM) medium

truck wheels, as well as a variety of other aluminum components for these

markets. AWTP is composed of three divisions: Commercial Vehicle Wheels, Forged

Specialty Wheels and Transportation Products. It employs 1,500 people at 23

locations worldwide. More information can be found at www.alcoawheels.com.



About Alcoa



Alcoa is the world's leading producer of primary and fabricated aluminum, as

well as the world's largest miner of bauxite and refiner of alumina. In addition

to inventing the modern-day aluminum industry, Alcoa innovation has been behind

major milestones in the aerospace, automotive, packaging, building and

construction, commercial transportation, consumer electronics and industrial

markets over the past 120 years. Among the solutions Alcoa markets are

flat-rolled products, hard alloy extrusions, and forgings, as well as Alcoa速

wheels, fastening systems, precision and investment castings, and building

systems in addition to its expertise in other light metals such as titanium and

nickel-based super alloys. Sustainability is an integral part of Alcoa's

operating practices and the product design and engineering it provides to

customers. Alcoa has been a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for 10

consecutive years and approximately 75 percent of all of the aluminum ever

produced since 1888 is still in active use today. Alcoa employs approximately

61,000 people in 31 countries across the world. More information can be found at

www.alcoa.com.



SOURCE American Trucking Associations



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





