aa,PR Newswire US,20060605,20:44,332374
                              693 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                        June 5, 2006 Monday 12:44 PM GMT



Pike Electric Elects Charles E. Bayless And Louis F. Terhar To Board



LENGTH: 770 words



DATELINE: MOUNT AIRY, N.C. June 5





MOUNT AIRY, N.C., June 5  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Pike Electric Corporation

(NYSE:PEC), one of the nation's largest providers of outsourced electric

distribution and transmission services, today announced that Charles E. Bayless,

president of West Virginia University Institute of Technology, and Louis F.

Terhar, managing director of Strategic Business Advisors LLC, have been elected

to Pike Electric's Board of Directors, effective June 2, 2006. Mr. Alan Goldberg

and Mr. J. Russell Triedman have resigned from Pike Electric's board to maintain

the seven-member board structure.



With the election of Mr. Bayless and Mr. Terhar to the board, Pike Electric has

satisfied the requirement that a majority of its directors be independent in

accordance with New York Stock Exchange standards ahead of schedule.  The

company also stated its appreciation for the contributions Mr. Goldberg and Mr.

Triedman provided during their tenure on the Board.



Mr. Bayless is president of the West Virginia University Institute of

Technology, whose engineering program is ranked in the top 100 nationwide

according to U.S. News & World Report's 2005 Best Colleges edition, and was

ranked fourth among public comprehensive colleges in the South according to U.S.

News & World Report Best Colleges 2004 edition.  Previously, Mr. Bayless joined

Illinova Corporation in 1998 and its wholly owned subsidiary, Illinois Power

Company, where he served as chairman, president and chief executive officer

until December 2000.  When Illinova was sold to Dynergy in 2000, Mr. Bayless was

added to Dynergy's board of directors where he served until he stepped down in

May 2006.  From 1991 to June 1998, Mr. Bayless served as chairman, president and

chief executive officer of Tucson Electric.



Mr. Bayless earned a bachelor's degree from West Virginia University Institute

of Technology and holds an MS and JD from West Virginia University, as well as

an MBA from the University of Michigan.  Mr. Bayless is currently a member of

the board of directors of Commerce Energy, a publicly held, non- regulated,

retail energy provider, and the Ontario Power Authority.



Mr. Terhar is currently the managing director of Strategic Planning Advisors LLC

("SPA"), a firm that specializes in strategic planning advice and operational

improvement strategies for a variety of manufacturing and service companies.

Prior to SPA, Mr. Terhar served as president and chief executive officer of

Integris metals, a $2.2 billion joint venture between Alcoa and BHP Billiton;

the president and chief executive officer of Indian Motorcycle, a major American

manufacturer of cruiser motorcycles; and as president and chief executive

officer of The David J. Joseph Company, the largest American producer and broker

of scrap to the steel industry.  Mr. Terhar has also worked in Europe twice;

first, as the director of European operations for the Emhart Corporation (later

known as Black and Decker), and thereafter as a member of the operational staff

of the board of SHV NV, a large privately held Dutch multinational corporation

and parent of The David J. Joseph Company. Mr. Terhar has also held various

manufacturing and finance positions with W. R. Grace and spent six years on

active duty in the United States Navy.  Mr. Terhar continues to hold the

position of Adjunct Professor of Management, the Williams College of Business,

Xavier University specializing in Global Strategic Planning.



Mr. Terhar earned a bachelor's degree from the U. S. Naval Academy and holds an

MBA from Syracuse University, as well as an MLA from Harvard University.



Pike Electric is honored to have Mr. Bayless and Mr. Terhar join the company's

Board of Directors.



About Pike Electric



Pike Electric is one of the largest providers of outsourced electric

distribution and transmission services in the United States. Our core activities

consist of the maintenance, upgrade and extension of electric distribution and

sub-500 kilovolt transmission powerlines for more than 150 electric utilities,

cooperatives and municipalities. Pike Electric services a contiguous 19-state

region that stretches from Pennsylvania in the north to Florida in the southeast

and Texas in the southwest and is a recognized leader in storm restoration

services. Our common stock is quoted on the New York Stock Exchange under the

symbol PEC.  For further information regarding Pike Electric, visit the

company's website at  http://www.pike.com/  or you may phone us at 336-789-2171.



CONTACT:  Mark Castaneda, CFO of Pike Electric Corporation,

+1-336-719-4379



Web site:   http://www.pike.com/



SOURCE Pike Electric Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





