aa,PR Newswire US,20070321,18:19,332300
                              619 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                     March 21, 2007 Wednesday 10:19 PM GMT



Alcoa Selects ESS Essential Suite(TM) for Global EH&S Management;

System to Facilitate Company's Initiative to Improve EH&S Performance With

Increased Efficiency



LENGTH: 524 words



DATELINE: TEMPE, Ariz. March 21





TEMPE, Ariz., March 21  /PRNewswire/ -- Robert Johnson, President/CEO of ESS,

the leading global provider of Environmental, Health & Safety (EH&S) and Crisis

Management software and services, today announced that Alcoa, the world's

leading producer and manager of primary aluminum, will deploy an enterprise-wide

EH&S platform powered by ESS Essential Suite(TM) that will integrate EH&S

management systems to enhance productivity, reduce operational risks and costs,

and support the company's efforts to maintain its leadership in EH&S as the

Company continues its global growth.



When fully implemented, this deployment would span across Alcoa facilities in

more than 40 countries.



"EH&S is a core operating value for Alcoa and we enjoy a strong reputation for

leadership in this area", said Jake Siewert, Alcoa Vice President for EH&S and

Public Strategy.  "We accordingly conducted an extensive analysis of EH&S system

solutions that would effectively support our short and long-term objectives.

The ESS Essential Suite(TM) was a clear choice for our integrated management

system."



"Alcoa is the latest global manufacturer to affirm the value using enterprise

EH&S data management systems to help reduce operational risks and drive business

excellence," Johnson said.  "We are pleased to support Alcoa in its global

leadership role to develop positive solutions to combat the effects of

greenhouse gases on the global climate change."



Essential Suite is one of the most cost-effective and full-featured sets of

information management applications available for environmental recordkeeping

and meeting EH&S reporting requirements.  The fully integrated suite is designed

to help organizations meet their government regulatory requirements, and also

use compliance data to develop business-enhancing performance metrics that

reduce operational expenses and risk.



About Alcoa



Alcoa, number 79 of the Fortune 100, is the world's leading producer and manager

of primary aluminum, fabricated aluminum and alumina facilities, and is active

in all major aspects of the industry.  The company serves the aerospace,

automotive, packaging, building and construction, commercial transportation and

industrial markets.  Alcoa also makes and markets consumer brands including

Reynolds Wrap(R), Alcoa(R) wheels, and Baco(R) household wraps.  Among its other

businesses are closures, fastening systems, precision castings and electrical

distribution systems for cars and trucks.



About ESS



ESS is the leading global provider of Operational Risk Management software and

services for Environmental, Health & Safety (EH&S) and Crisis Management. The

company has provided global and local information management solutions to more

than 17,000 businesses, government agencies and other organizations worldwide.

ESS is headquartered in Tempe, Ariz. with offices in Denver, Washington, D.C.

and Calgary, Alberta.  For additional information, visit

http://www.ess-home.com/ .



  Media Contact: Dawn Kehr

   Phone: 480.346.5526

   E-mail:  ess-media@ess-home.com





CONTACT:  Dawn Kehr of ESS, +1-480-346-5526,  ess-media@ess-home.com



Web site:   http://www.ess-home.com/



SOURCE ESS



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





