aa,PR Newswire,20111115,10:44,331837
                              156 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     November 15, 2011 Tuesday 10:44 AM EST



I Recycle. Do You? Pledge to Recycle for America Recycles Day



LENGTH: 483 words



DATELINE: STAMFORD, Conn., Nov. 15, 2011





National Day of Celebration for Recycling Encourages Local Awareness and Daily

Action



November 15 marks America Recycles Day (ARD), a nationally-recognized initiative

dedicated to encouraging people to recycle more at home, at work, and on the go.

National nonprofit Keep America Beautiful is proud to lead the celebration,

providing resources and supporting the activities of over 1,500 grassroots event

organizers across the country.



Those who can't attend one of the thousands of events happening nationally can

still add their voice and show their commitment to learning and taking action at

AmericaRecyclesDay.org.



Importantly, this year's pledge includes a commitment to updating one's

knowledge of local recycling opportunities and systems. The web site at

AmericaRecyclesDay.org also includes a searchable database of recycling options,

organized by zip code, providing everyone with the opportunity to get the most

local information available.



"Recycling opportunities have grown significantly over the past decade, so

arming yourself with current knowledge and resources is a great way to increase

your personal recycling activity," said Matthew M. McKenna, president & CEO of

Keep America Beautiful, Inc. "By promoting the America Recycles Day pledge, we

inspire greater awareness and action among individuals, communities and

organizations nationwide."



"On America Recycles Day, EPA encourages all Americans to consider their role in

creating a healthy environment by being responsible consumers. By making smarter

choices, consuming less, and reusing and recycling, we begin a shift to a more

sustainable approach that maximizes the use of precious resources and provides

environmental and economic benefit," said Mathy Stanislaus, Assistant

Administrator for EPA's Office of Solid Waste and Emergency Response.



America's leading companies and organizations support recycling through

sponsorships and partnerships with America Recycles Day 2011: Alcoa, Inc.;

American Chemistry Council; Anheuser-Busch; Earth911.com; Disney's Friends for

Change; The Glad Products Company; Johnson & Johnson; LG Electronics U.S.A.;

Nestle Waters North America; Owens-Illinois, Inc.; PepsiCo; and Waste

Management.



About Keep America Beautiful, Inc.Keep America Beautiful, Inc., established in

1953, is the nation's largest volunteer-based community action and education

organization. With a network of over 1,200 affiliate and participating

organizations, Keep America Beautiful forms public private partnerships and

programs that engage individuals to take greater responsibility for improving

their community environments. To join America Recycles Day, visit

AmericaRecyclesDay.org. To learn more about Keep America Beautiful, visit

www.kab.org. Robert Wallace/ Larry KaufmanTel: 203.659.3016 / 203.659.3014Email:

rwallace@kab.org / lkaufman@kab.org Web site: www.kab.org



SOURCE Keep America Beautiful, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





