aa,PR Newswire,20051221,15:51,332403
                              722 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                    December 21, 2005 Wednesday 8:51 PM GMT



Alcan to Invest in Alumar Alumina Refinery Expansion



LENGTH: 440  words



DATELINE: MONTREAL, Canada December 21





Alcan Inc. (NYSE, TSX: AL) announced today that it will proceed with an

investment of approximately US$129 million for its participation in the 2.1

million metric tonne per year (Mtpy) expansion of the Alumar consortium alumina

refinery in São Luís, State of Maranhão, Brazil. The expanded refinery, in which

Alcan has a 10 percent stake, will have a total capacity of approximately 3.5

Mtpy once completed.



"This investment is fully aligned with Alcan's value maximization strategy,

which involves growing alumina revenues through the expansion of large-scale,

cost-advantaged assets," said Jacynthe Côté, President and Chief Executive

Officer, Alcan Bauxite and Alumina. "With increasing global demand for alumina,

this investment will boost Alcan's access to a competitive source of alumina in

the Atlantic region," Côté added.



The Alumar refinery is already best-in-class in terms of conversion costs, and

also has an excellent track record in the area of sustainability, including

environment, health and safety. "Its superior performance in these areas is

closely aligned with Alcan's commitment to pursue business opportunities that

strengthen Alcan's ability to provide a prosperous and sustainable environment

for future generations," continued Côté.



The expansion, which will begin operation in the first half of 2008, will

increase Alcan's overall alumina capacity by 210 thousand tonnes per year. With

Alcan, the Alumar refinery is jointly owned by Alcoa (54 percent) and BHP

Billiton (36 percent).



Alcan is a multinational, market-driven company and a global leader in aluminum

and packaging. With world-class operations in primary aluminum, fabricated

aluminum as well as flexible and specialty packaging, aerospace applications,

bauxite mining and alumina processing, today's Alcan is well positioned to meet

and exceed its customers' needs for innovative solutions and service. Alcan

employs almost 70,000 people and has operating facilities in 55 countries and

regions.



Statements made in this press release which describe the Company's intentions,

expectations or predictions may be forward-looking statements within the meaning

of securities laws. The Company cautions that, by their nature, forward-looking

statements involve risk and uncertainty and that the Company's results could

differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Reference

should be made to the most recent Form 10-Q for a summary of major risk factors.



Media Contact: Anik Michaud, Tel.: +1-514-848-8151, media.relations@alcan.com,

Investor Contact: Corey Copeland, Tel.: +1-514-848-8368,

investor.relations@alcan.com



SOURCE Alcan Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





