aa,PR Newswire,20100623,16:15,331982
                              301 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      June 23, 2010 Wednesday 4:15 PM EST



Lockheed Martin Delivers Right Hand Operation JLTV Technology Development

Vehicles to U.S. Government for Testing



LENGTH: 692 words



DATELINE: SEALY, Texas, June 23





SEALY, Texas, June 23 /PRNewswire/ -- Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) today

delivered two right hand operation Joint Light Tactical Vehicles (JLTV), and a

companion trailer, to the U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corps and representatives of

the Australian Army for Technology Development (TD) phase assessment and

testing.



The vehicles, representing two of the JLTV payload category variants, were

presented to representatives of the U.S. Department of Defense and the

Australian Department of Defence in an acceptance ceremony at teammate BAE

Systems' production facility in Sealy, TX.



The two variants included a JLTV Category B Command and Control on the Move and

a Category C Utility vehicle, which is designed with a focus on payload. All

vehicles feature right hand operation, but are otherwise identical to the U.S.

vehicles. The U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corps JLTV test team will begin

reliability and performance evaluations upon receipt of the vehicles.



"Today's ceremony demonstrates our commitment to provide the Australian Defence

Forces with a mature, low-risk family of vehicles, backed by over 70,000 miles

of rugged and robust in-house testing," said Steve Ramsey, vice president of

Ground Vehicles at Lockheed Martin. "With improved situational awareness,

enhanced mission effectiveness and improved survivability, these JLTVs designed

for the Australian Defence Forces will provide their testers a glimpse into the

future of battlefield mobility."



Mark McCoy, the U.S. Army's product manager for JLTV, highlighted the advantages

of international participation in the JLTV program, specifically noting how

"participation can help reduce overall program risk through the testing and

evaluation of additional vehicles."



"As our military prepares for future coalition operations, similarity of

tactical vehicle solutions across allied forces will enhance global

interoperability and reduce the maintenance and logistical burden," added McCoy.



The U.S. and Australia entered into a Land Force Capability Modernization

Project Arrangement in January 2009 for the TD phase of the JLTV program,

enabling tactical vehicle interoperability and integration between U.S. future

forces and Australian land forces.



"Recent conflicts have highlighted the importance of protected mobility in the

modern battlefield," said Australian Army Lt. Col. Robin Petersen, JLTV

Cooperative Program Personnel and Australian JLTV Program Manager. "The

requirements of the JLTV program are closely aligned with our requirements;

Australia faces similar capability gaps and threats."



Since October 2007, Lockheed Martin-Team JLTV has invested in the design and

build of seven test vehicles, representing various configurations of the

Service's JLTV Category A, B and C variants.



The Lockheed Martin-led JLTV Team includes:



BAE Systems, providing advanced armor solutions and production facilities for

high volume assembly. Alcoa Defense, supplying materials experience, design

services and aluminum components that give the vehicle its structural strength

at reduced weight; and JWF - Defense Systems, offering state-of-the-art

machining and cost-effective fabrication.Lockheed Martin, serving as the prime

contractor and design agent, providing systems engineering, platform

integration, design expertise, advanced systems, and program and supply chain

management.Should the U.S. and Australia continue their JLTV partnership into

the EMD phase, Lockheed Martin intends to include the strength of Australian

industry in the JLTV design for both U.S. and Australian vehicles.



Headquartered in Bethesda, Md., Lockheed Martin is a global security company

that employs about 136,000 people worldwide and is principally engaged in the

research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of

advanced technology systems, products and services. The corporation reported

2009 sales of $45.2 billion.



For additional information, visit our website:



http://www.lockheedmartin.com



SOURCE Lockheed Martin







CONTACT:Craig Vanbebber of Lockheed Martin, +1-972-603-1615,

craig.vanbebber@lmco.com; or Michael D. Teegardin of BAE Systems,

+1-281-616-6112, michael.teegardin@baesystems.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





