aa,PR Newswire,20120620,9:04,331761
                              80 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      June 20, 2012 Wednesday 9:04 AM EST



USRBC Urges Congressional Action by August Recess to Keep U.S. Business

Competitive in Growing Russian Market



LENGTH: 613 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 20, 2012





The U.S.-Russia Business Council (USRBC), the U.S.-based trade association

leading the organized U.S. business community campaign to ensure that U.S.

commercial interests are fully protected once Russia enters the World Trade

Organization (WTO) this summer, urged the U.S. Congress today to not hold U.S.

business back from export opportunities in Russia in conjunction with a House

Ways and Means Committee hearing on extending Permanent Normal Trade Relations

to Russia (PNTR).



"Russia's $1.9 trillion economy is a promising market, and U.S. business should

have the full benefits that come with Russia's WTO accession - just like our

foreign competitors," said Klaus Kleinfeld, USRBC Chairman and Chairman and CEO

of Alcoa, Inc. "Congress must work swiftly to graduate Russia from the

Jackson-Vanik amendment and enact PNTR with Russia by the August recess to

ensure that U.S. firms can stay competitive in the Russian market."



Russia is set to approve its WTO accession package in early July, and it will

automatically become a WTO member 30 days after it notifies its ratification to

the WTO. The 1970s-era Jackson-Vanik amendment conditions Russia's trade status

with the United States on Russia's emigration policies, but each U.S. President

since 1994 has determined annually that Russia is in compliance with the

Jackson-Vanik amendment and has extended normal trade relations (NTR) to Russia.

Nevertheless, in order for U.S. business to fully access Russia's WTO

commitments, Congress must graduate Russia from Jackson-Vanik and make Russia's

NTR status permanent.



"Russia prefers high-quality goods, and we also anticipate a significant

increase in its demand for services as it implements WTO commitments and its

economy becomes more competitive," noted USRBC President and CEO Edward Verona.

"Russia can either turn to U.S. manufacturers and service providers to diversify

its economy - or it can sign contracts with our competitors in Europe, Asia and

elsewhere. It's time for the U.S. Congress to definitively recognize that Russia

is in compliance with Jackson-Vanik amendment and pass PNTR so that U.S. firms

can not only access the WTO market liberalizations Russia agreed to, but also

the WTO's transparency and commercial accountability provisions." U.S. firms

also need PNTR to access Russia's WTO commitments in services, intellectual

property, animal and plant health - and the WTO dispute settlement mechanism.



The United States currently accounts for only 4 percent of Russia's imports, but

U.S. businesses are actively seeking to gain market share in this $320 billion

import market. "Our firms are increasingly looking at Russia as part of their

global growth strategy," said Mr. Verona. "We see great long-term potential in

Russia, but the challenges of doing business there require that U.S. firms avail

themselves of all possible tools to address issues that may arise."



"Congress's prompt action on Jackson-Vanik and PNTR with Russia will offer

additional opportunities for U.S. business and the U.S. economy to prosper, as

we create and maintain jobs based on increased trade with Russia," said Mr.

Kleinfeld.



The U.S.-Russia Business Council (USRBC) represents the interests of its 250

U.S. and Russian member companies, providing business development and government

relations support in both Moscow and Washington. The USRBC contributes to the

stability and development of a free market in Russia and supports Russia's

integration into the global economy. It also serves as the Secretariat for the

Coalition for U.S.-Russia Trade (www.usrussiatrade.org). For more information,

visit the USRBC online at: www.usrbc.org.



SOURCE U.S.-Russia Business Council



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





