aa,PR Newswire,20120709,9:31,331748
                              67 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        July 9, 2012 Monday 9:31 AM EST



InvestorsObserver releases comments on Apple, Alcoa, Boeing, Walgreen and

Fastenal



LENGTH: 405 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, July 9, 2012





InvestorsObserver.com releases its Stocks To Watch guide.



(Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120709/CG36300)



To see what our analysts have discovered about these stocks read the

InvestorsObserver's Stocks To Watch guide at

http://www.investorsobserver.com/pr/7620122. (Note: You may have to copy this

link into your browser then press the [ENTER] key.)



The following stocks are featured in the Stocks To Watch guide: Apple Inc.

(Nasdaq: AAPL), Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA), Boeing Company (NYSE: BA), Walgreen

Company (NYSE: WAG) and Fastenal Company (Nasdaq: FAST).



InvestorsObserver's Stocks To Watch Guide provides investors with critical

information on stocks that may be poised for a significant move. Each report

features our thoughts on what could happen with the stock in the near future,

technical analysis, and several hedged trade ideas. We give investors the tools

they need to protect their portfolios against uncertainty.



"In addition to brief stock analysis and commentary, the Stocks To Watch guide

also provides several strategies and insight on how to ensure your investments

are protected with basic hedging techniques," said Brent Archer,

InvestorsObserver analyst. "Our guide contains information that can benefit both

expert and novice investors considering these stocks."



The Stocks To Watch Guide is available to investors at

http://www.investorsobserver.com/pr/7620122. (Note: You may have to copy this

link into your browser then press the [ENTER] key.)



InvestorsObserver.com is an online newsletter which focuses on the U.S. equities

and options markets. Our analytical tools, screening techniques, rigorous

research methods and committed staff provide solid information to help

subscribers make the best possible investment decisions. For more information,

go to www.investorsobserver.com.



All stocks and options shown are examples only-- not recommendations to buy or

sell. Our picks do not represent a positive or negative outlook on any security.

Potential returns do not take into account your trade size, brokerage

commissions or taxes--expenses that will affect actual investment returns.

Stocks and options involve risk, thus they are not suitable for all investors.

Prior to buying or selling options, a person should request a copy of

Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options available at

http://www.cboe.com/Resources/Intro.aspx. Privacy policy available upon request.



SOURCE InvestorsObserver



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





