aa,PR Newswire,20080505,17:05,332199
                              518 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                         May 5, 2008 Monday 9:05 PM GMT



Noble Names Richard McCracken, Gerard Picard, and James Thomas to Its Board of

Directors



LENGTH: 819 words



DATELINE: TROY, Mich. May 5





TROY, Mich., May 5 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Noble International,

Ltd.,(NASDAQ:NOBL)("Noble" or the "Company") announced that Richard McCracken,

Gerard Picard and James Thomas have been elected to the Company's Board of

Directors, effective May 5, 2008. Concurrent with their appointment the Board

set the authorized number of directors at seven.



Mr. McCracken, who has been appointed our new Chairman as well as a member of

the audit committee, is a senior financial executive with over 33 years of

experience, including 21 years at Alcoa. From 2000 until 2004 Mr. McCracken

served as Alcoa's Vice President of Finance in the packaging, consumer and

distribution group. During his tenure as Vice President of Finance, Mr.

McCracken provided financial, IT and strategic leadership and direction to seven

business units with an excess of 100 operating locations, average revenues over

$4 billion and cash flow in excess of $300 million. Mr. McCracken is currently a

consultant providing operational and financial expertise to a variety of firms.



Mr. Picard is a senior financial and operations executive, with over 36 years of

experience, with 26 of those years at companies that now form the ArcelorMittal

Group. He retired in 2007 as head of ArcelorMittal's financial department in the

stainless division. Prior to this role, he held a variety of positions within

the ArcelorMittal Group, including head of group finance and treasury

activities, and head of mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Picard has been deemed by

the Board to be a financial expert and is now the Chairman of the audit

committee and a member of compensation committee.



Mr. Thomas, who has been appointed a member of the Company's nominating and

compensation committees, is the Chief Operating Officer for Micro Lamps, Inc., a

privately held opto-electronics company providing lighting solutions to the

aerospace, automotive and military markets. As Chief Operating Officer, Mr.

Thomas has led negotiations and established international joint ventures with

leading opto-electronics companies in Japan, Germany and Switzerland. From 1998

to 2001 Mr. Thomas was President of TEC II, a start-up formed to develop and

market innovative solid state lighting devices. As President of TEC II Mr.

Thomas established product manufacturing operations in China.



Noble's Chief Executive Officer, Thomas Saeli, commented on the election of the

new Board members, "We welcome Messrs. McCracken, Picard and Thomas to the board

of directors. Each director brings a vast wealth of knowledge and experience to

Noble and we look forward to working with each of them."



SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT



Certain statements made by Noble International, Ltd. herein are

"forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the Private Securities

Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements, as well as

statements which address operating performance, events or developments that we

believe or expect to occur in the future, including those that discuss

strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters, or which relate to

future sales or earnings expectations, cost savings, awarded sales, volume

growth, earnings or a general belief in our expectations of future operating

results, are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are made

on the basis of management's assumptions and estimations. As a result, there can

be no guarantee or assurance that these assumptions and expectations will in

fact occur. The forward-looking statements are subject to risks and

uncertainties that may cause actual results to materially differ from those

contained in the statements. Some, but not all of the risks, include our ability

to obtain future sales; our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions;

changes in worldwide economic and political conditions, including adverse

effects from terrorism or related hostilities including increased costs, reduced

production or other factors; costs related to legal and administrative matters;

our ability to realize cost savings expected to offset price concessions;

inefficiencies related to production and product launches that are greater than

anticipated; changes in technology and technological risks; increased fuel

costs; work stoppages and strikes at our facilities and that of our customers;

the presence of downturns in customer markets where the Company's goods and

services are sold; financial and business downturns of our customers or vendors;

and other factors, uncertainties, challenges, and risks detailed in Noble's

public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Noble does not

intend or undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For

more information see http://www.nobleintl.com/ .



CONTACT: Michael C. Azar, Vice President and General Counsel, Noble

International, Ltd., +1-248-220-2001



Web site: http://www.nobleintl.com/



SOURCE Noble International, Ltd.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





