aa,PR Newswire,20110629,24:00,331882
                              201 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      June 29, 2011 Wednesday 12:00 PM EST



Companies Should Focus on Quality to Ensure Profitable Growth, Global Executives

Report in New Study from The Conference Board



LENGTH: 673 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK, June 29, 2011





According to the results of The Conference Board CEO Challenge 2011, CEOs across

the globe cite business growth as the most critical challenge they face. In this

year's survey, over 700 CEOs, presidents and chairmen from across geographies

and industries identified the most pressing issues they face in today's business

environment.



More than ever before, business leaders are turning to new ideas, products,

customers and markets to fuel growth and drive innovation. However, a key to

accelerated growth is the quality function.



According to a follow-up report to the CEO Challenge, Answering the 2011 CEO

Challenge: Accelerating Growth Through Quality, global executives report that

the quality function is uniquely positioned to accelerate growth through better

execution and alignment. Quality also provides the voice of the customer that is

critical for developing the innovative products and services that will sell in

the marketplace.



The report is based on sessions from The Conference Board Quality Council,

interviews and other research. The report is part of The Conference Board

Council Perspectives series, which provides a unique look into the minds of

senior executives from leading global organizations as they assess, analyze and

develop ways to address critical issues. Members of the Quality Council include

Alcoa, Bank of America, Johnson & Johnson, Nokia, Cisco, 3M, Hewlett-Packard,

IBM and others.



Quality management practices today go far beyond statistical tools and a quality

assurance mentality. Council members report that quality deployment approaches

are tightly linked to strategy, and take into account trends in globalization,

customer sophistication, talent variability, environment and sustainability

issues, as well as new communication channels. The report provides examples

demonstrating the value of the various quality tools and techniques to drive

growth, focusing on cost optimization, talent management, government regulation

and innovation - which were also identified as highly ranked challenges by CEOs

in The Conference Board survey. These include:



Strengthening end-to-end process management, systems thinking and

agility.Leveraging and defining quality in the context of driving growth. The

value of the quality professional as a catalyst for change. Incorporating

quality fundamentals in development plans for employees and leaders.Developing

and engaging employees to leverage growth. Extending innovation throughout the

organization.Strengthening knowledge management for feedback on risk management

decisions, performance management, and customer requirements and expectations.



Today's quality leader must not only contribute to operational efficiency, but

also possess a macro view of the business - cutting across and linking

functions, geographies, and business lines. A successful response to the

challenges posed by CEOs draws from core quality fundamentals and a battery of

tools, techniques, and practices applied thoughtfully and effectively. Today's

quality professional strengthens the alignment between the C-suite and their

quality leaders, and can act as a critical partner for accomplishing the goals

of the enterprise.



Source:

Answering the CEO Challenge: Accelerating Growth Through Quality

Council Perspectives CP-031 June 2011

The Conference Board

To request a copy of the report, please contact courter@conference-board.org



About The Conference Board



The Conference Board is a global, independent business membership and research

association working in the public interest. Our mission is unique: To provide

the world's leading organizations with the practical knowledge they need to

improve their performance and better serve society. The Conference Board is a

non-advocacy, not-for-profit entity holding 501(c)(3) tax-exempt status in the

United States. For more information, please visit: www.conference-board.org.



SOURCE The Conference Board







CONTACT:Carol Courter, +1-212-339-0232, courter@conference-board.org, or

Jonathan Liu, +1-212-339-0257, jonathan.liu@conference-board.org



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





