aa,PR Newswire US,20050607,20:45,332441
                              760 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       June 7, 2005 Tuesday 12:45 PM GMT



BestTransport Announces Strategic Relationship with ICG Commerce;

New Strategic Partnership Expands Distribution, Further Maximizing

Transportation Savings and Driving Greater Service Levels from Logistics

Providers



LENGTH: 762 words



DATELINE: COLUMBUS, Ohio June 7





COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 7  /PRNewswire/ -- BestTransport, Inc., a leading provider

of on-demand Transportation Management Systems (TMS), today announces a new

strategic relationship with ICG Commerce, a leading procurement services

provider based in Philadelphia.  ICG Commerce is incorporating BestTransport's

TMS into its enhanced logistics sourcing and management offering.



"With rising freight costs and carrier shortages, more organizations are seeking

services that address these issues," said Mark Shary, BestTransport CEO.  "By

leveraging BestTransport's on-demand TMS, ICG Commerce is able to extend the

benefits of their proven capabilities in transportation procurement and

management into higher levels of compliance with processes and greater levels of

continuous savings."



Building upon its sourcing experience that includes working with over 60 global

logistics customers across a wide range of industries, ICG Commerce was looking

for a powerful TMS solution for its customers.  "We did a formal evaluation of

over a dozen TMS solutions and found BestTransport to be the most adaptable and

user-oriented," said Paul Svindland, director of ICG Commerce's transportation

and logistics program.  "BestTransport's network of 3,000 shippers and carriers

plus over 1,300 origin points brings a breadth of industry intelligence that

other providers do not have."



This newly created partnership enables ICG Commerce to enhance its category

management offering with a TMS tool that improves ongoing cost management

performance.  ICG Commerce is unique in being able to offer a full- service

strategic sourcing and management solution to maximize its customers'

freight-savings and transportation service-level initiatives.  "Partnering with

ICG Commerce is a real win for our mutual clients," said Shary.  "ICG Commerce's

deep category expertise in transportation positions them well to maximize the

benefits of automated processes, increased visibility, and performance metrics

available through our technology.  This will result in greater ongoing cost

reductions and service increases for customers. "



"This is also great news for our existing customers.  By expanding our market

footprint through ICG Commerce's large prospect and customer base, members of

the BestTransport can expect an increasingly valuable resource of transportation

partners," said Shary.



About BestTransport



BestTransport is a leading provider of online transportation management systems

(TMS), an on-demand service that enables shippers and carriers to plan, execute

and settle inbound and outbound freight activities efficiently using best

practices. The Company's TMS offering enhances freight visibility, delivers

metrics to benchmark progress, reduces transportation costs and facilitates

collaboration. BestTransport connects over 3,000 shippers and carriers and

processes thousands of shipments daily for industry leaders in North America,

including Alcoa, Allegheny and Bull Moose Tube. Because there is no software to

purchase or licensing commitments, members pay only for the value received. For

more information, visit  http://www.besttransport.com/ .



About ICG Commerce, Inc.



ICG Commerce (  http://www.icgcommerce.com/  ) is a leading Procurement Services

Provider exclusively focused on helping companies buy more effectively and

efficiently in order to reduce costs significantly and continuously. The company

offers an unmatched combination of process and category expertise and hosted

technology to deliver Sourcing, Purchase-to-Pay Automation and Outsourcing

Services.  ICG Commerce Inc., a privately held company founded in 1992, is a

member of Internet Capital Group's network of partner companies and has been

honored as one of Forbes' 'Best of the Web: B2B,' UPSIDE Magazine's 'Hot 100'

and as an iSource 100 company.



   Contacts:

    Trisha McClain

    BestTransport

    614-888.2378 x203

 tmcclain@besttransport.com



    Kristen Knouft

    ICG Commerce

    484-690-5159

 kknouft@icgcommerce.com



    Brittany Morris

    Ruder-Finn

    312-329-3983

 morrisb@ruderfinn.com





Available Topic Expert(s): For information on the listed expert(s), click

appropriate link. Mark Shary

http://profnet.prnewswire.com/ud_public.jsp?userid=517350



CONTACT:  Trisha McClain of BestTransport, +1-614-888-2378, ext. 203, or

 tmcclain@besttransport.com  ; or Kristen Knouft of ICG Commerce,

+1-484-690-5159, or  kknouft@icgcommerce.com  ; or Brittany Morris of

Ruder-Finn, +1-312-329-3983, or  morrisb@ruderfinn.com



Web site:   http://www.besttransport.com/

 http://www.icgcommerce.com/



SOURCE BestTransport, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





