aa,PR Newswire,20110223,8:00,331945
                              264 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                    February 23, 2011 Wednesday 8:00 AM EST



New Deloitte Point of View Addresses Business Value of Social Software



LENGTH: 349 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK, Feb. 23, 2011





What:                              "Social Software for Business Performance"



Who:                John Hagel, co-chairman of Deloitte's Center for the Edge

When:                                                   Available immediately



Details         Deloitte's Center for the Edge has issued a new point of view

:        addressing the business value of social software. The paper, "Social

              Software for Business Performance," discusses how companies can

                   leverage social software to significantly enhance business

             performance in the short-term and transform it in the long-term.

                 Early adopters of social software have the potential to reap

           financial rewards and develop skills and experience that will help

                             build a stronger competitive position over time.



        As explained in the paper, companies remain skeptical of the business

         value of social software. This skepticism is perhaps justified given

          the two approaches typically used to deploy this technology: ad hoc

           initiatives at the local level or large-scale deployment of social

        software platforms without any clear focus on performance objectives.



          In fact, social software has unique capabilities to address current

          operating challenges and improve operating metrics. To capture this

        value, however, companies will need to more systematically assess the

        operating metrics that have the greatest potential to move the needle

               and then surgically deploy social software to ensure near-term

          performance impact with modest investment. The paper highlights the

          experience of one early adopter, Alcoa Fastening Systems, which has

               significantly improved employee productivity -- achieving a 61

           percent reduction in time required for compliance activities -- by

                                            leveraging social software tools.



Please contact Virginia Chaves to schedule an interview with Deloitte's John

Hagel.



As used in this press release, "Deloitte" means Deloitte LLP and its

subsidiaries. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of

the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its



subsidiaries.



Virginia Chaves

Hill & Knowlton



+1 212 885 0530 virginia.chaves@hillandknowlton.com





SOURCE Deloitte







CONTACT:Virginia Chaves of Hill & Knowlton, +1-212-885-0530,

virginia.chaves@hillandknowlton.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





