aa,PR Newswire,20080124,9:30,332233
                              552 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     January 24, 2008 Thursday 2:30 PM GMT



Pittsburgh: Ground Zero for Recession?;

Pittsburgh Regional Indicators Web Site Adds Commentary & Analysis of

Benchmarked Data



LENGTH: 565 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH Jan. 24





PITTSBURGH, Jan. 24 /PRNewswire/ -- With gyrations in financial markets

prompting anxiety about the economy, there's new bad news on the regional

employment front: Fresh statistics now posted on the Pittsburgh Regional

Indicators' Web site ( http://www.pittsburghtoday.org/ ) show anemic growth in

new jobs created last month, with only about 900 jobs added to area payrolls in

December.



The December results are on top of November jobs growth statistics that have now

been revised downward.



In commentary also posted on http://www.pittsburghtoday.org/ , local economic

development specialist Harold Miller says that out of the top 40 metropolitan

regions in the country, Pittsburgh had the fourth worst job growth rate in

December -- a 90 percent drop in growth locally compared to December 2006.



Asks Miller, "Is Pittsburgh ground zero for recession?"



The commentary from Miller comes as http://www.pittsburghtoday.org/ has had new

features added -- including a forum for analysis, commentary, links to regional

blogs and other editorial background -- that enhance the benchmarked data the

group collects and publishes online.



"We continue to work to make our Web site a relevant and compelling destination

for decision-makers in government, business, education and the arts throughout

the Pittsburgh region," said John G. Craig Jr., Indicators Initiative president.

"As we identify the need for new indicators, we look for relevant data to

gather, benchmark and now analyze."



Craig invited contributions as well as comment for publication on

http://www.pittsburghtoday.org/ , which also now features rotating photography

and maps. Craig said this feature underscores the Indicator Initiative's message

that the region is larger and more complex than is often appreciated by drawing

on the work of organizations that themselves are regional.



Photography for the site is being supplied by Pittsburgh Filmmakers, the

Riverlife Task Force, the Port of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh History & Landmarks

Foundation and Rivers of Steel National Heritage Area, among others.



ABOUT THE PITTSBURGH REGIONAL INDICATORS INITIATIVE



The Pittsburgh Regional Indicators Initiative seeks to give regional

decision-makers a more holistic and accurate understanding of the economic,

political and cultural interdependency of a broadly defined metropolitan

Pittsburgh region. The initiative tracks and publishes online detailed and

continuously updated statistics on key components -- called "indicators" -- of

the region's life: Arts, Demographics, Economy, Education, Environment,

Government, Health, Safety and Transportation. Data sets are benchmarked against

other metropolitan areas across the U.S.



The Indicators Initiative defines the metropolitan Pittsburgh region as the

twenty-two counties surrounding the city, including those in West Virginia and

Ohio. ( http://www.pittsburghtoday.org/web/pittsburgh.jsp )



Founders of the Indicators Initiative include former U.S. Secretary of the

Treasury and retired Alcoa CEO Paul O'Neil and former Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

Executive Editor John G. Craig Jr.



  MEDIA CONTACT



  John Buckman

  Buckman Communications

  412.381.2900

  jbuckman@buckman.biz





CONTACT: John Buckman of Buckman Communications, +1-412-381-2900,

 jbuckman@buckman.biz , for The Pittsburgh Regional Indicators Initiative



Web site: http://www.pittsburghtoday.org/



SOURCE The Pittsburgh Regional Indicators Initiative



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





