aa,PR Newswire,20120117,9:00,331819
                              138 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      January 17, 2012 Tuesday 9:00 AM EST



Di Maria/DeNicola Launch the 10 company;

New marketing/communications firm specializes in helping C-Suite executives



LENGTH: 605 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK, Jan. 17, 2012





Communications industry leader Valerie Di Maria and technology CEO Clare

DeNicola have opened the 10 company, a new consultancy specializing in helping

C-level executives transform their businesses through authentic, results-driven

marketing and communications.



The two principals bring to the firm significant C-Suite experience. Di Maria

has held the top communications or marketing role at GE Capital, Motorola, and

Willis, the global insurance broker. She was most recently at Peppercom, an

award winning mid-size communications agency, where she was a member of the

management team and led the firm's outreach to C-Suite executives. DeNicola was

CEO of IVANS, Inc., a leading technology provider for the insurance and

healthcare industries. They have extensive expertise in developing brand and

corporate positioning, designing and implementing executive thought leadership

programs, differentiating companies through vision and values, crisis

management, mergers and acquisition plans, executive presentation/media

coaching, and a full range of social and digital media initiatives.



Based in Manhattan with offices at 477 Madison Avenue, the agency is starting

with clients including Alcoa and Raytheon, and a team of four professionals.

Offering an array of marketing and communications services, the 10 company gets

its name from its strong brand story:



the 10 Tenets of Client Relationships: the firm's commitment to each client. 10%

Reinvestment Promise: for every dollar of fees, 10 percent is reinvested into

the account through select complimentary services, such as training,

brainstorming and industry reports. 10% Performance Pricing: a special bonus

plan tied to measureable deliverables and results. 10 Excellence Rating: the

goal to always rate a 10 on performance reviews by clients.



"Clare and I worked together at GCI Group 15 years ago. Since then, we have both

experienced the world of the client firsthand. I knew she would be the perfect

partner," says Di Maria, Principal, "Having been there, we truly understand

working with Chief Communications and Chief Marketing Officers to best serve

their CEOs, Boards of Directors and executive peers: CFOs, Chief Human Resources

Officers, General Counsels and other staff and business heads." As a member of

the executive leadership team, Di Maria has counseled CEOs such as Gary Wendt,

Denis Nayden and Mike Neal of GE Capital; Ed Zander of Motorola, and Joe Plumeri

of Willis.



DeNicola, whose background is in technology marketing and communications, led

that function for IVANS for seven years, before being named CEO in 2004. "Having

been a CEO, I know first-hand the challenges of running a business, and the

strategic, financial and operational realities facing senior management teams

today," says DeNicola, Principal, "With the 10 company, Valerie and I have

created an agency that brings together powerful communications capabilities,

combined with real knowledge of how to achieve short- and long-term business

results."



The firm will also offer unique "leadership products" such as Collaboration

Toolkits to help foster alignment and teamwork across the entire C-Suite, and

New Business Development Services to assist clients in delivering effective new

business pitches to drive revenue for their companies.



"Our goal is to be the most client-centric, strategic and service-oriented firm

in the business," says Di Maria.



For more information about the 10 company, please visit www.the10company.com or

contact info@the10company.com, 646-706-5564.



SOURCE the 10 company







CONTACT:Valerie Di Maria, the 10 company, +1-646-706-5566,

valerie.dimaria@the10company.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





