aa,PR Newswire,20090623,5:00,332050
                              369 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       June 23, 2009 Tuesday 9:00 AM GMT



Aerospace Fastener Program Offers Short-Term Skills Training



LENGTH: 581 words



DATELINE: HAWTHORNE, Calif., June 23





Bootcamp training is only one of its kind inWestern U.S.



HAWTHORNE, Calif., June 23 /PRNewswire/ -- The aerospace fastener manufacturing

industry is a global market that generates $6.5 billion in global sales. Nearly

half of the global market for the production and distribution of aerospace

fasteners exists in Southern California. But, in spite of rising unemployment

rates in the state, the industry still faces significant challenges in keeping

up with the demand and finding skilled workers. Currently, over 10,000 Southern

Californians are employed by local aerospace fastener manufacturers and

distributors, but many of these veteran workers hold 16-20 years of experience,

and are due to retire in the next five to 10 years. The aerospace fastener

industry in Southern California is projected to need 200-400 skilled workers

over the next five years.



The Centers for Applied Competitive Technologies (CACT) @ El Camino College,

Cerritos College, North Orange Community College District, and Los Angeles

Community College District have developed a unique training program to assist

California-based aerospace fastener manufactures in finding solutions to the

skilled worker shortage. It's the only program of its kind in the Western United

States, as it exposes workers to the unique conditions of the aerospace fastener

industry.



The CACT teamed with a host of industry partners including the Industrial

Fastener Institute (IFI), Alcoa Fastening Systems (AFS), Bristol Industries, B&B

Specialties, Click Bond, California Screw Products, LISI Aerospace, Monogram

Aerospace Fasteners, PB Fasteners, Cherry Aerospace, and The Young Engineers, to

form a highly specialized alliance dedicated to curriculum development. The

eight-week, for-credit training program includes 96 hours of industry paid

internship at a local aerospace fastener manufacturer, which allows people with

virtually no manufacturing skills to achieve good paying jobs quickly.



David Gonzales, director of CACT @ at El Camino College, said, "Our Alliance

industry partners found the curriculum-development process so valuable that they

donated close to a million dollars of the necessary training machines to the

program. Graduates will be entering the workforce with the exact skill sets that

the job necessitates. Manufacturers see this program as a tremendous value, as

it prequalifies people who have an interest in the industry, and provides

pre-testing for basic skills before moving into the technical training."



Offered at El Camino College Compton Educational Center in Compton, CA, the

first cohort of participants was filled to capacity with 24 students attending

an eight-week bootcamp consisting of 320 total hours of certified job training.

Several local legislators were enthusiastic about the program and its first

round of graduates.



Tim Lee, a representative from Congresswoman Laura Richardson's office said,

"I'm really thrilled that this program is here at Compton College; it gives us

the opportunity to set a standard that others can exhibit to other districts and

schools the kinds of things that can be done."



For information about the Aerospace Fastener Training Program, contact David

Gonzales, Director, CACT @ El Camino College at (310) 973-3170, or

dgonzales@elcamino.edu, or go towww.MakingItInCalifornia.com/aerospace.



SOURCE Centers for Applied Competitive Technologies







CONTACT:David Gonzales, Director, Centers for Applied Competitive Technologies,

+1-310-973-3170, dgonzales@elcamino.edu



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





