aa,PR Newswire,20090901,10:47,332032
                              351 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     September 1, 2009 Tuesday 10:47 AM EST



Vinimaya Continues To Grow; Innovative E-Procurement Offering Sees Expanding

Market Acceptance



LENGTH: 601 words



DATELINE: SHELTON, Conn., Sept. 1





SHELTON, Conn., Sept. 1 /PRNewswire/ -- Vinimaya, the leading provider of next

generation E-Procurement Catalog and B2B Shopping Solutions for buyers and

suppliers, continues to generate significant market momentum as its flagship

SmartSearch Catalog product and innovative virtual supplier network concept

continues to gain acceptance among buyers and suppliers. The company achieved

several significant milestones in the first half of 2009, including:



Adding Major CustomersVinimaya continues to add new customers in multiple

vertical markets; among them one of the world's largest global financial

services companies, a well known global chemical products manufacturer, one of

the world's largest institutions of higher education; and one of the largest

state governments in the USA.Continued Revenue Growth and Profitable Operations;

100% Renewal RateRevenue is up 30% over 2008, and the company continues to

operate on cash-flow positive basis. Since its founding in 2000, every customer

that has been up for renewal has extended their commitment to the SmartSearch

Catalog solution, creating a multi-million dollar backlog of guaranteed future

revenue. New Features and CapabilitiesAmong the new features and capabilities

delivered in the first half of 2009 include Punchout Price Audit, improved

Supplier Self Service Catalog Upload and Management, SAP Item Master Audit,

Custom eForms for Ordering Services, and a Supplier Information Portal.Over $1B

in Online OrdersCumulative orders processed through SmartSearch Catalog

installations across Vinimaya's client base have exceeded one billion dollars

over the last 12 months.



"Demand for Vinimaya's solution is strong globally despite a challenging

economy," said Gary Hare, CEO of Vinimaya. "The feedback from clients is that

they want more, so we continue to re-invest and expand our offerings to meet

their e-procurement needs."



Vinimaya's SaaS delivered, patent-pending SmartSearch Catalog(TM) solves the

most challenging issues facing the e-procurement market today: user and supplier

adoption. It's the only solution in the market that gives users the ability to

search and shop multiple supply sources concurrently: web sites, industry

marketplaces, supplier networks and catalog databases, from a single user

interface; while providing the Buying organization the control over user access

and pricing they demand. Supplier enablement is made easier and less expensive

thanks to the non-invasiveness of Vinimaya's technology. When complemented by

Vinimaya's B2B Transactions(TM) Internet EDI solution, Vinimaya clients create

their own "virtual Internet supplier networks."



About Vinimaya



Vinimaya, Inc. is a privately held software solutions company that provides

innovative E-Procurement Catalog and B2B Shopping Solutions for both buyers and

suppliers based on their patent-pending Vinimaya SmartSearch Agent(TM)

technology platform. Vinimaya products are 100% compatible with systems from

Ariba, SAP, Oracle and PeopleSoft among others and are used by global companies

such as Siemens, Alcoa, 3M, Corning, EDS, Sunoco, UPMC, Cooper Industries and

Agilent Technologies. For more information, please visit www.vinimaya.com, email

sales@vinimaya.com or call 888-618-8634.



"Vinimaya," "Vinimaya SmartSearch Catalog," Vinimaya SmartSearch Agents,"

"VISN," Virtual Internet Supplier Network," "Vinimaya B2B Transactions" are

registered trademarks of Vinimaya, Inc. All other product and company names

listed may be the trademarks of their respective owners.



SOURCE Vinimaya, Inc.







CONTACT:Leonard Lee of Vinimaya, Inc., +1-612-670-3445, llee@vinimaya.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





