aa,PR Newswire US,20050502,17:23,332446
                              765 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                        May 2, 2005 Monday 09:23 PM GMT



R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Completes Sale of RJR Packaging



LENGTH: 896 words



DATELINE: WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. May 2





WINSTON-SALEM, N.C., May 2  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- R.J. Reynolds Tobacco

Company (R.J. Reynolds) and RJR Packaging, L.L.C. today closed the sale of the

assets and business of RJR Packaging to five packaging companies.  The buyers

have agreed to pay $48.2 million for the business, and entered into long-term

tobacco packaging materials supply agreements with R.J. Reynolds.



"The sale represents an opportunity for the packaging business to maximize its

potential by partnering with leaders in the packaging industry," said Jeffrey A.

Eckmann, executive vice president of strategy, integration, information

technology and business development for Reynolds American Inc., the parent

company of R.J. Reynolds.  "These companies have a long-term interest in

investing in and growing that business, whereas R.J. Reynolds' focus is on

growing its cigarette business."



The RJR Packaging assets, facilities and supply agreement rights for certain

business areas were acquired as follows:



   - Alcan Packaging Food and Tobacco Inc. -- R.J. Reynolds' printed

      packaging, including cartons, boxes and labels;

    - Alcoa Flexible Packaging, L.L.C. -- R.J. Reynolds' cigarette foil and

      inner frame;

    - Southern Graphic Systems, Inc. -- cylinder engraving and prepress

      services;

    - Mundet Inc. -- R.J. Reynolds' tipping and low-ignition propensity

      paper;

    - Oracle Flexible Packaging, Inc. -- non-R.J. Reynolds, or external,

      packaging business.  Oracle also acquired RJR Packaging's two main

      facilities, located in Winston-Salem at 1300 Cunningham Avenue and 190

      East Polo Road.







RJR Packaging currently employs 740 people, and it is expected that at least 650

of them will ultimately receive offers for ongoing employment from one of the

buyers, or from R.J. Reynolds.



Effective immediately after the sale, nine current RJR Packaging employees will

become employees of Southern Graphic Systems, and about 75 employees will

transfer to R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.  The balance of RJR Packaging employees

will become employees of Oracle Flexible Packaging.  Over the next 24 months,

the buyers will transition employees from Oracle to each company's individual

payroll.



Displaced employees will be eligible to receive severance benefits equaling two

weeks of pay for every year of service (with a minimum of 26 weeks of pay), as

well as a $25,000 bonus for those who stay the required period of time requested

by the buyers during the transition period.



"From the beginning of this process, it was our goal to find buyers who would

offer ongoing employment to the majority of current RJR Packaging employees,"

Eckmann said.  "RJR Packaging has an experienced, dedicated workforce that will

be a real asset to the new buyers.



"The closing of this sale allows R.J. Reynolds to focus on its core business of

manufacturing and marketing cigarettes," Eckmann said.  "Our supply agreements

with the buyers will provide R.J. Reynolds with reliable, cost-efficient, high

quality packaging materials going forward, and we are committed to making those

relationships successful and mutually beneficial."



Morgan Stanley acted as financial advisor to R.J. Reynolds in connection with

the transaction.



In December 2002, R.J. Reynolds announced its intent to sell RJR Packaging.

Following the combination of R.J. Reynolds and the U.S. business of Brown &

Williamson Tobacco Corp. in 2004, the packaging business was reassessed.  In

February 2005, R.J. Reynolds and RJR Packaging signed a letter of intent to sell

RJR Packaging to the group of packaging companies.



Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements



Statements included in this news release that are not historical in nature are

forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the

Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Forward-looking statements

regarding R.J. Reynolds's future performance and financial results inherently

are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual

results to differ materially from those described in the forward- looking

statements.  These risks and uncertainties include any adverse impacts from the

transition of our packaging operations to the buyers.  Due to these risks and

uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these

forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this news

release.  Except as provided by federal securities laws, neither R.J. Reynolds,

nor its parent company, Reynolds American Inc., is required to publicly update

or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information,

future events, or otherwise.



R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Reynolds

American Inc. (NYSE:RAI).  R.J. Reynolds is the second-largest tobacco company

in the United States, manufacturing about one of every three cigarettes sold in

the United States.  R.J. Reynolds' product line includes five of the nation's 10

best-selling cigarette brands:  Camel, Winston, Kool, Salem and Doral.  For more

information about R.J. Reynolds, visit the company's Web site at

http://www.rjrt.com/  .



CONTACT:  Maura Payne, +1-336-741-6996, or cell, +1-336-829-9024, or Fred

McConnell, +1-336-741-7405, or cell, +1-336-406-3213, both of R.J. Reynolds

Tobacco Company



Web site:   http://www.rjrt.com/



SOURCE R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





