aa,PR Newswire,20110907,10:07,331866
                              185 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                    September 7, 2011 Wednesday 10:07 AM EST



Auto Aluminum Usage Hits All-Time High, Expected to Aggressively Accelerate, New

Survey of Automakers Says;

Aluminum Use as a Percent of Automotive Materials Mix to Double by 2025

According to Survey



LENGTH: 1499 words



DATELINE: DETROIT, Sept. 7, 2011





Automakers are accelerating their shift to aluminum away from other materials

for new car and light truck construction, as they seek to safely and

cost-effectively lower the weight of vehicles according to a new survey of North

American automakers conducted by Ducker Worldwide. The survey of automakers

indicates that since lighter vehicles get better fuel economy with fewer

emissions, aluminum is already the leading material in the engine and wheel

markets and is fast-gaining market share in hoods, trunks and doors. The survey

estimates automakers will increase their use of aluminum from 327 pounds in 2009

to 550 pounds in 2025.



The survey also shows continued growth in automaker's overall use of aluminum

reaches an all-time high of 343 pounds per vehicle in 2012 - up five percent

from 327 pounds in 2009. Aluminum usage has increased every year for nearly 40

years. Longer term, the report predicts aluminum is expected to double its share

of the average automotive materials mix to 16 percent by 2025(1) with future

cars and light trucks reaching a predicted average of 550 pounds of automotive

aluminum per vehicle. As the Obama Administration considers stricter fuel

economy regulations, automakers are expected to lower the overall weight of

vehicles by approximately 400 pounds per vehicle, and as aluminum use increases,

the mix percent is expected to double.



"This new survey of automakers makes clear that in terms of new vehicle designs

to greatly step up fuel economy...aluminum's time has come," said Randall

Scheps, Chairman of the Aluminum Association's Aluminum Transportation Group and

Marketing Director at Alcoa, Inc. "Cars and trucks will get lighter and more

efficient, but thanks to aluminum, they won't have to get smaller or less safe."



"We are fast-entering a transition stage to more holistic vehicle design

approaches premised on greater use of lighter, stronger and more crash absorbent

aluminum alloys replacing less efficient iron and steel. Vehicles with their

size maintained, but downweighted with aluminum are inherently more efficient

than heavier ones," said Scheps.



"Most importantly in this holistic approach, downweighting is actually an

enabler of cost savings across the vehicle by accommodating downsized

powertrains and parts consolidation - all without sacrificing safety or

performance. A lighter car can allow for a smaller, less expensive drive train

and generate the same performance as the original vehicle...more

cost-effectively, safer and most importantly in a more fuel efficient manner,"

added Scheps.



Aluminum Hoods, Trunks, Doors and Bumpers Drive Growth



Aluminum is already the leading material in powertrain and wheel applications

and the survey indicates it is quickly gaining market share in hoods, trunks,

doors and bumpers. Body, bumper and closure content grew by 58 percent from 2009

to 2012, with 30 percent of all hoods on 2012 vehicles being aluminum; saving a

total of 100 million pounds of vehicle weight across the entire fleet. Twenty

percent of all bumpers in 2012 will be aluminum.



According to the report, future growth in auto aluminum usage will be primarily

driven by these and other applications being converted from steel. For example,

the trend line for aluminum hood penetration predicts a minimum share for

aluminum of 41 percent by 2017 and 53 percent by 2025.



Consumer Demand and Regulatory Guidelines on Fuel Economy Drive Growth



Based on consumer demand and a desire to increase fuel efficiency, this past

July the Obama Administration announced an agreement with the nation's

automakers, supported by leading environmental groups to increase fuel economy

standards nearly 100 percent by 2025, from the 2008 base year 26.3 miles per

gallon to 54.5 mpg. The yet to be finalized plan calls for a 5 percent average

annual increase in fuel economy for cars and a 3.5 percent annual increase for

light trucks through 2021. After 2021, both cars and trucks would face a 5

percent annual increase.



"New, stringent federal fuel economy regulations, coupled with consumer angst

about high and unstable gas prices, is leading automakers to move quickly with a

total rethinking of vehicle design as they also push ahead with alternate power

trains, new technologies and advanced materials. In terms of boosting fuel

economy and cutting tailpipe emissions, aluminum offers automakers the fastest,

safest, most environmentally-friendly and cost-effective way to get the job

done. Low-density aluminum is a game-changer and automakers are moving quickly

to take full advantage of all the consumer benefits it provides," said Scheps.



GM Leads in Aluminum Usage



The survey also looked at average aluminum content by North American automakers,

declaring General Motors the content leader at 366 pounds per vehicle. Honda

leads aluminum content as a percent of curb weight at 10.7 percent in 2012.



The latest model vehicles boasting above average aluminum content (more than

nine percent of vehicle curb weight) include the Chevrolet Malibu, Cadillac CTS,

Ford Explorer, Ford Focus, Ford Escape, Lincoln MKZ, Chrysler C sedan, Honda

Civic/CR-V, Honda Accord, Nissan Altima, Toyota Avalon and Fiat 500.



"These real world examples complemented by a significant body of research

confirms aluminum can take out significantly more weight safely than even newer

steels, while remaining cost competitive and having a lower overall carbon

footprint than any other competing material, doing it safely and in many

instances helping to lower costs," Scheps says.



On a segment basis, the survey points to future growth areas in mid-size and

large sedans as well as full-size full frame vehicles (i.e. light-duty pick-up

trucks) mainly due to the comfort, safety and functionality requirements

expected from the customer.



Cost Competitive Weight Savings



As automakers apply aluminum to reduce the weight of their vehicles, the focus

is increasingly toward the system cost, which allows aluminum to compete

successfully with other materials because of the advantages it brings in primary

and secondary weight savings, fuel savings, structural performance and design

flexibility. In fact, secondary cost savings that come from using automotive

aluminum can offset cost premiums helping make aluminum a more cost-effective

solution. According to the report, the cost of the materials upgrade is

estimated at less than $500, even before secondary cost savings from downsized

components are factored in.



"Downweighting will be at the core of whatever other technology, design and

powertrain changes are coming," said Scheps. "Using aluminum will extend the

efficiencies of other technologies, while enabling secondary cost-savings from

downsized powertrains without sacrificing performance."



Other Highlights from the Report



The average increase in aluminum content since 1975 has been seven pounds per

year per light vehicle.Automakers will, on average, seek to lower the weight of

cars and light trucks by at least 10% by 2025. Market factors already in place

are projected to push aluminum content to 400 pounds per vehicle in 2015/2016.

Aluminum is gaining market share at the expense of both traditional and high

strength steels (HSLA), which are declining as a percentage of vehicle

makeup.Advanced High Strength Steels (AHSS) also are growing at the expense of

inferior steels, but gauge reduction with AHSS provides limited weight savings

potential compared to using lower density aluminum. Pound for pound, aluminum

replaces more than twice as much weight as AHSS."This is an exciting time for

the auto industry and for aluminum," concludes Scheps. "We are at the leading

edge of a large scale conversion from heavy steel to aluminum and the consumer

and the environment will be the ultimate beneficiaries."



A webinar to review the detailed results of this survey, commissioned by the

Aluminum Association, Inc., will be hosted on Friday, September 23, from 12-1

p.m. Eastern. To register for the webinar or for more information on the survey

and the overall advantages of automotive aluminum, visit

www.aluminumintransportation.org or call (248) 975-2800.



(1) Using the Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) 2008 baseline vehicle in

which aluminum components totaled eight percent of vehicle curb weight.



About the Aluminum Association



Through its Aluminum Transportation Group (ATG), the Aluminum Association

communicates the benefits of aluminum to help accelerate its penetration in

ground transportation applications through research programs and related

outreach activities. The ATG's mission is to serve member companies and act as a

central resource for the automotive and commercial vehicle industries on

aluminum issues. Members of the ATG include: Alcoa Inc., Novelis Inc., Rio Tinto

Alcan, Aluminum Precision Products Inc., Kaiser Aluminum Corporation, Hydro and

Sapa Group. Visit the ATG online at www.aluminumintransportation.org.



SOURCE Aluminum Association







CONTACT:Kristin Calandro Tyll, Stratacomm, +1-248-975-2800, ktyll@stratacomm.net



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





