
                              803 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                          September 23, 2004 Thursday



Team US101 Announces Eight Suppliers in Maryland and Virginia to Support Next

Marine One Helicopter



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 525 words



DATELINE: OWEGO, N.Y. Sept. 23





Team US101 has announced that eight companies in Maryland and Virginia will

supply components to the American-built US101 medium-lift helicopter. Team US101

is competing to provide the president of the United States with a fleet of

next-generation helicopters better known by the call sign: "Marine One."



"Companies from the Chesapeake Bay to the Shenandoah Valley are helping to make

the US101 as American as the workers who will build it," said Stephen D. Ramsey,

Lockheed Martin's US101 vice president and general manager.



The Maryland and Virginia-based companies that will supply components for the

US101 helicopter are:



    ALCOA Howmet Castings                                  Hampton, VA

     Cryptek                                                Sterling, VA

     Cytec Engineered Materials, Inc.                       Havre de Grace, MD

     Mac Machine                                            Baltimore, MD

     MIL-SPEC Fasteners Corp.                               Hampstead, MD

     Moog Components Group                                  Blacksburg, VA

     Perkinelmer Fluid Sciences - Pressure Science Products Beltsville, MD

     W.L. Gore & Associates, Inc.                           Elkton, MD





Team US101 is recognizing these suppliers at this time for their continuous

support during the very rigorous Presidential Helicopter Replacement (or VXX)

competition. Meanwhile, Team US101 continues to conduct risk reduction efforts

prior to the U.S. Navy's VXX award announcement, which is expected during

December.



"Mac Machine is pleased to provide machined engine components to the US101

helicopter," said George McNab, president of Mac Machine in Baltimore. "The

US101, powered by three engines for increased safety, means more business for

our company and work for our employees."



These eight Maryland and Virginia-based suppliers are among the more than 200

suppliers in 41 states chosen to support Team US101 with key products and

services necessary for the president's new Marine One helicopter fleet. Other

leading American companies on Team US101 include General Electric, ITT, Northrop

Grumman, Kaman Aerospace and Palomar Products. During the course of the

helicopter fleet's operational service life, 90 percent of the total life cycle

costs will flow to Team US101's American suppliers, creating and sustaining

thousands of jobs nationwide while building these new Marine One helicopters.



Team US101 is led by Lockheed Martin Systems Integration -- Owego, which serves

as the prime contractor and systems integrator for the American-built US101

aircraft, an American variant of AgustaWestland's successful EH101 multimission

helicopter. The US101 team collectively brings unmatched rotorcraft expertise

and experience to this program: Lockheed Martin (prime contractor and systems

integration), AgustaWestland (aircraft design) and Bell Helicopter (aircraft

production), while General Electric will supply each helicopter's three CT7-8E

engines.



For additional information visit: http://www.TeamUS101.com



SOURCE Lockheed Martin



CONTACT: Greg Caires of US101 Communications, +1-607-751-3200,

greg.a.caires@lmco.com, for Lockheed Martin



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS AND TECHNOLOGY EDITORS



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





