aa,PR Newswire US,20070109,13:14,332327
                              646 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      January 9, 2007 Tuesday 6:14 PM GMT



Alcoa Deploying Vinimaya eCatalog Solution;

ViniSyndicate(TM) to serve as Global Indirect and MRO ePurchasing Portal



LENGTH: 565 words



DATELINE: SHELTON, Conn. Jan. 9





SHELTON, Conn., Jan. 9  /PRNewswire/ -- Vinimaya, the leading provider of next

generation supplier enablement solutions for e-procurement, today announced that

Alcoa, the world's leading producer and manager of primary aluminum, fabricated

aluminum and alumina facilities, has become a Vinimaya client, joining the

growing list of world class companies using their innovative ViniSyndicate

Catalog Integration System(TM).



Alcoa is using ViniSyndicate to improve their supplier enablement capabilities

and e-catalog usability to complement their worldwide Oracle iProcurement

implementation, and has deployed ViniSyndicate to users in North America, South

America and Australia.



The addition of ViniSyndicate builds upon Alcoa's successful deployment of the

"Alcoa Mall," Alcoa's internal worldwide e-procurement portal.  To date, the

"Alcoa Mall" has delivered significant spend savings and reductions in overhead

costs. Alcoa determined ViniSyndicate would provide additional value by

providing a common catalog interface and environment among its multiple Oracle

iProcurement instances, eliminate supplier punchout connectivity testing,

maintenance and downtime, and remove the many technical and resource barriers to

effective catalog content management.



The ViniSyndicate Catalog Integration System uses patent-pending distributed

Internet search technology to allow users to browse suppliers' web sites and

online catalogs directly from their e-procurement system, regardless of whether

the supplier site supports XML punchout. This drastically reduces dependence on

the supplier's IT department, increases buyer access to low cost,

supplier-maintained catalogs and reduces dependence on costly catalog databases.

With ViniSyndicate, catalogs are deployed in days versus months, and users

access both online and internal catalogs from a single, portal-type user

interface with key functionality at their fingertips like cross-supplier (e.g.,

federated) search, item compare and saved carts, all of which are not currently

supported by XML punchout.



In addition to Oracle iProcurement, ViniSyndicate is compatible with all leading

e-procurement systems such as Ariba Buyer, PeopleSoft Enterprise eProcurement

and SAP EBP among others.



Vinimaya solutions can either be licensed as software or accessed as an OnDemand

Service for a low, fixed annual fee. All Vinimaya products are based on their

patent-pending Intelligent Agent Search (IAS)(TM) platform.



About Vinimaya



Vinimaya, Inc. is a privately held software solutions company that provides

Supplier Enablement Solutions for E-Procurement for both buyers and suppliers

based on the patent-pending Vinimaya Intelligent Agent Server (IAS)(TM) that are

100% compatible with e-procurement systems such as Ariba Buyer, SAP EBP, Oracle

iProcurement and PeopleSoft Enterprise eProcurement among others.  Visit

http://www.vinimaya.com/  or call 203-926-1768.



"Vinimaya," "ViniSyndicate," "ViniSyndicate Catalog Integration System,"

"ViniSyndicate Supplier Integration System," "EasyOrder," "Vinimaya Supplier

Solutions," "Vinimaya Buyer Solutions" and "Intelligent Agent Search" are

registered trademarks of Vinimaya, Inc. All other product and company names

listed may be the trademarks of their respective owners.



CONTACT:  Leonard Lee, Vinimaya, Inc., +1-612-670-3445, or

 llee@vinimaya.com



Web site:   http://www.vinimaya.com/



SOURCE Vinimaya



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





