aa,PR Newswire,20120709,9:30,331750
                              69 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        July 9, 2012 Monday 9:30 AM EST



Zacks Earnings Trends Highlights: Alcoa, FedEx, Nike, Procter & Gamble and Ford



LENGTH: 810 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, July 9, 2012





Zacks Director of Research Sheraz Mian says the second-quarter results from 26

S&P 500 companies have been painting a less-than-inspiring earnings picture.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



2Q Early Signs: Not Looking Too Good



Expectations for the second quarter 2012 earnings season are coming down as the

early reporting companies highlight global growth concerns. A number of the 26

companies that have already reported results -- and many of those that have

pre-announced -- have been pointing towards the slowdown in China and problems

in Europe.



It is perhaps too early to draw any firm conclusions from the small sample of

companies at our disposal. But it would make sense for the earnings picture to

deteriorate given the tough macro-backdrop all over the world. There is hardly

any place in the world at present that can be described as in good economic

shape. Europe is in recession; China, India and Brazil are slowing down; and the

outlook for the U.S. economy does not look that favorable, either.



The combination of these macro headwinds is showing up in down-trending earnings

forecasts, with current expectations for second-quarter earnings to be up only

0.6%. This is down from growth expectation of 2.3% at the end of May and close

to 5% in mid-April. Excluding Finance, this modest growth turns to a 5% decline.



Key Points The second-quarter 2012 reporting season will 'unofficially' get

underway next week with Alcoa's(NYSE:AA) results, though 'officially' earnings

season started last month, and we have results in hand from 26 S&P 500 companies

already. These early reports do not paint a very inspiring picture of second

quarter earnings season. Not only do the growth numbers for these companies

compare unfavorably to the prior quarter, but the tone of management guidance

has also been underwhelming. On the earnings calls and pre-announcements, we are

starting to hear a lot more about global growth uncertainties than was the case

last quarter. We saw this with the earnings results from FedEx(NYSE:FDX) and

Nike and pre-announcements from operators like Procter & Gamble(NYSE:PG), Ford

and others. Expectations for the 95% of companies still to report results

continue to come down, with total earnings expected to increase 0.6% from the

same period last year. This growth expectation is down from 2.3% at the end of

May and close to 5% as the first quarter reporting season was getting into high

gear in early April. This growth expectation reflects a 0.3% drop in revenue and

an 8-basis point expansion in net margins.



Want stock picks from Zacks Equity Research that are based on earnings

estimates? Subscribe to the free "Profit from the Pros" newsletter:

http://at.zacks.com/?id=7160



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded stocks.

Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest

analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today:

http://at.zacks.com/?id=5186



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Len Zacks. The company continually processes stock reports issued by

3,000 analysts from 150 brokerage firms. It monitors more than 200,000 earnings

estimates, looking for changes.



Then, when changes are discovered, they're applied to help assign more than

4,400 stocks into five Zacks Rank categories: #1 Strong Buy, #2 Buy, #3 Hold, #4

Sell, and #5 Strong Sell. This proprietary stock-picking system continues to

outperform the market by a nearly 3-to-1 margin.



The best way to unlock profitable Zacks' stock recommendations and market

insights is through the free daily email newsletter: "Profit from the Pros." It

provides a steady flow of profitable ideas GUARANTEED to be worth your time.

Register for your free subscription at http://at.zacks.com/?id=5187



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/ZacksResearch



Join us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/ZacksInvestmentResearch



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Contact: Sheraz MianCompany: Zacks.comPhone: 312-265-9211 Email:

pr@zacks.comVisit: www.Zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





