aa,PR Newswire,20100223,9:07,332005
                              324 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     February 23, 2010 Tuesday 9:07 AM EST



Tax Council Policy Institute Symposium Begins Tomorrow;

Annual Tax Policy & Practice Symposium to Address Key Tax Reform Issues



LENGTH: 687 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 23





WASHINGTON, Feb. 23 /PRNewswire/ -- The Tax Council Policy Institute (TCPI) will

hold its 11th Annual Tax Policy & Practice Symposium, "Tax reform: In search of

a 21st century U.S. tax system," starting tomorrow, Wednesday, February 24 at

the Ritz-Carlton Hotel, Washington, DC.



The high-profile Symposium will feature keynote speakers and panel discussions

with leading tax authorities from U.S. and foreign governments, regulatory

agencies, business, law, finance, and academia. This year, TCPI is pleased to

welcome Congressman Richard E. Neal (D-MA) and Congressman Paul Ryan (R-WI)

among the featured symposium speakers.



This two day event will cover topics such as:



Lessons in reform: Discussion of recent tax reform in other countriesThe impact

of fundamental tax reform on business modelsTax incentives for innovation and

U.S. competitivenessVAT: Practical considerations and lessons learned



"This conference is unique in that it gathers experienced practitioners to

engage in a dialogue with the policy makers and economists who so often lead

important reform discussions, and comes at a critical time as Congress takes up

these proposals in 2010," said Roger LeMaster, Executive Director of TCPI.

"These discussions will bring about a greater understanding of the underlying

issues, proving how critical events such as these are in making a true impact on

tax policies both domestically and globally."



Each year TCPI selects program managers to help create and execute its annual

Tax Policy & Practice Symposium. This year, Deloitte Tax LLP ("Deloitte") has

been chosen as the sole program manager by TCPI. Deloitte has collaborated with

the Symposium Planning Committee, which is comprised of nearly 35 elite tax

professionals from major worldwide businesses, and with Deloitte leaders will

moderate many of the Symposium panels.



Featured speakers at the TCPI Symposium will include:



Stephen E. Shay, Deputy Assistant Secretary (International Tax Affairs), Office

of Tax Policy, U.S. Department of Treasury;David Walker, President and CEO,

Peter G. Peterson Foundation;Alan B. Graf, Jr., Executive Vice President and

CFO, FedEx Corporation;David Hartnett, Permanent Secretary for Tax, HM Revenue &

Customs;John M. Samuels, Vice President and Senior Counsel, Tax Policy and

Planning, General Electric;Del Threadgill, Vice President and Director of Tax

Services, JC Penney Company, Inc.;Mihir A. Desai, Mizuho Financial Group,

Professor of Finance, Chair of Doctoral Programs, Graduate School of Business

Administration, Harvard University;Sarah McGill, Senior Vice President, Tax,

PepsiCo, Inc.;Lewis R. Steinberg, Managing Director, UBS Securities LLC;William

Hawkins, Vice President & General Tax Counsel, The Coca Cola Company;David P.

Lewis, Vice President-Global Taxes; Chief Tax Executive & Assistant Treasurer,

Eli Lilly and Company; Ronald Dickel, VP, Tax, Alcoa Inc.;Nanci Palmintere, Vice

President Finance and Enterprise Services, Intel Corporation;Former Senator John

Breaux, Breaux Lott Leadership Group; andFormer Representative James O. McCrery

III, Capitol Counsel, LLC



Throughout the Symposium, specific panelists, as well as TCPI and Deloitte

spokespeople, will be available for one-on-one interviews.



For more information or to register for this event, please visit www.tcpi.org or

call 202.822.8062.



About TCPI



The Tax Council Policy Institute is a non-profit, non-partisan, 501(c)(3) public

policy research and educational organization. It was created to help bring about

a better understanding of significant tax policies that impact businesses and

the economy through careful study, thoughtful evaluation and open discussion.

The annual Tax Policy & Practice Symposium is one of the programs utilized by

TCPI to accomplish its mission.



About Deloitte



As used in this document, "Deloitte" means Deloitte Tax LLP and Deloitte

Services LP, separate subsidiaries of Deloitte LLP. Please see

www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of

Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries.



SOURCE Deloitte







CONTACT:Jamie Beaulieu, Tax Council Policy Institute, +1-202-414-1503,

jbeaulieu@tcpi.org



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





