aa,PR Newswire US,20061016,6:00,332347
                              666 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      October 16, 2006 Monday 10:00 AM GMT



EoPlex Elects Philip E. Rogren as Corporate Officer



LENGTH: 440 words



DATELINE: REDWOOD CITY, Calif. Oct. 16





REDWOOD CITY, Calif., Oct. 16  /PRNewswire/ -- EoPlex Technologies, the company

that manufactures miniature devices that generate, harvest, conserve and manage

energy, announced today that Philip E. Rogren has been elected an officer of the

company. Rogren is Vice President Marketing and Sales. He will continue to lead

these functions for EoPlex.



Rogren has more than 25 years of experience in sales, marketing and engineering

in semiconductor packaging, advanced materials and interconnects at companies

that include Shellcase, Alcoa Electronic Packaging and Hestia Technologies.

Prior to joining EoPlex, Rogren was Vice President of Marketing and Sales at

Shellcase, Inc., where he was instrumental in establishing the company's

technology as the standard for CSP packaging for CMOS image sensors. He holds a

BS degree in Engineering from the University of Washington.



Arthur L. Chait, President and CEO of EoPlex said, "EoPlex is a platform

technology that can address market needs in many areas and Phil has done an

outstanding job of identifying, prioritizing and filling those needs with major

customers. He recently led the way to the successful negotiation of a

manufacturing agreement for EoPlex with a major multinational corporation. As a

startup, we are constantly looking to make additions to our staff with

individuals who can move seamlessly from markets to technology to manufacturing,

and Phil is one of the best at this."



About EoPlex



EoPlex Technologies, Inc. is a Redwood City, CA company that is commercializing

a family of new technologies to manufacture complex miniature 3-D structures

from combinations of metals, ceramics and polymers. These technologies are used

to create miniature devices that generate, harvest, conserve and manage energy.

The company is currently working with major corporations to produce devices that

include a miniature hydrogen reformer to recharge emergency 2-way radios, energy

harvesting devices to power wireless sensor networks like those in auto tire

pressure sensors, and microreactors for production of specialty chemicals and

pharmaceuticals. The EoPlex process makes it cost effective to mass-produce

complex designs which would be difficult or impossible to manufacture using

conventional techniques. The company is backed by Labrador Ventures, Draper

Fisher Jurvetson, and Draper-Richards and is currently raising its next round of

capital to expand production.  For more information, call 650-361-9070 or visit

http://www.eoplex.com/  .



CONTACT:  Janice Odell of EoPlex, +1-707-237-2738, or  jan@fordodell.com



Web site:   http://www.eoplex.com/



SOURCE EoPlex Technologies, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





