aa,PR Newswire,20080218,11:28,332228
                              547 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      February 18, 2008 Monday 4:28 PM GMT



Tube City IMS, LLC Names Corporate Controller



LENGTH: 344 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH Feb. 18





PITTSBURGH, Feb. 18 /PRNewswire/ -- Tube City IMS, LLC, a provider of products

and services to steel mills and foundries throughout the United States, Canada,

Europe, Mexico, South America and Asia, today announced that Electa Boyle has

joined the Company's Finance Department as Corporate Controller.



Ms. Boyle, who will be based at the Company's Glassport, PA, office, has more

than 20 years of finance experience. She will be responsible for the operation

of the Company's financial and administrative processes and controls.



Prior to joining the Company, she worked at Alcoa, Inc. for the past 16 years,

most recently as Controller of Alcoa Home Exteriors in Pittsburgh. During her

time with Alcoa, she held a number of positions of increasing responsibility,

including a three-year assignment in The Netherlands developing and implementing

more efficient and effective processes for receivables, payables and credit

operations in Europe. She also worked as an external auditor for four years with

Price Waterhouse in Pittsburgh.



"Electa brings a wealth of insight and financial experience to the Finance

Department and we are fortunate to have someone of her caliber joining our

team," said Dan Rosati, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and

Treasurer, Tube City IMS.



A native of Uniontown, PA, Ms. Boyle has a bachelor's degree in accounting from

West Virginia University and a master's degree in business administration from

the University of Pittsburgh. She is a Certified Public Accountant.



Tube City IMS, LLC is a leading provider of outsourced steel services, including

raw materials procurement, scrap management, raw materials optimization, slag

processing, metal recovery and surface conditioning services to integrated steel

mills, mini-mills and foundries. Tube City IMS has operations at 69 plants

throughout the United States, Canada, Europe, Mexico, South America and Asia.

The Company is headquartered in Glassport, PA.



CONTACT: Jim Leonard of Tube City IMS, LLC, +1-412-267-5226



Web site: http://www.tubecityims.com/



SOURCE Tube City IMS, LLC



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





