aa,PR Newswire,20111011,9:30,331852
                              171 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      October 11, 2011 Tuesday 9:30 AM EST



Zacks Earnings Preview: Alcoa, Google, JPMorgan Chase, PepsiCo and Safeway



LENGTH: 1566 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, Oct. 11, 2011





Zacks.com releases the list of companies likely to issue earnings surprises.

This week's list includes Alcoa (NYSE: AA), Google , JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM),

PepsiCo and Safeway (NYSE: SWY).



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



To see more earnings analysis, visit http://at.zacks.com/?id=3207.



Every day, Zacks.com makes 4 stock picks available, free of charge. To see them,

go to http://at.zacks.com/?id=3567.



The Third Quarter Kickoff



The third quarter earnings season "officially" kicks off this week when Alcoa

(NYSE: AA) reports. It will be a slow start, with a total of just 38 companies

reporting. Nine of those, however, are members of the S&P 500 and include some

very significant companies, which should provide important clues as to how the

overall earnings season will go. In addition to Alcoa, the firms reporting

during the week include: Google , JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM), PepsiCo and

Safeway (NYSE: SWY).



It will be a relatively light week for economic data. We start out with the

minutes of the most recent Fed meeting. We also get news on both deficits --

Trade and Budget -- as well as Retail Sales.



Monday



The country celebrates the sailing of the Ocean Blue of Columbus in 1492. The

stock market is open, but the bond market is closed. No major economic numbers

due out.



Tuesday



The minutes to the last (9/21) FOMC meeting are released. The Fed is deeply

divided, as evident by three dissents in each of the last two meetings, which is

highly unusual. The minutes should provide clues as to the thinking behind

Operation Twist, and the likelihood to the Fed doing still more to get the

economy moving again.



Wednesday



The Job Openings and Labor Turnover, or JOLTs report, is released. It will show

the actual number of Jobs created and lost in August, rather than the net

number, which was released for September on Friday. It will also show the number

of job openings in August. The will reveal the extent to which the very low net

job creation in August (57,000 after Friday's revision) was due to people being

laid off, or a lack of people being hired. For the last 18 months or so, the

problem has been a lack of hiring.



Thursday



Weekly initial claims for unemployment insurance come out. They had a very nice

decline early in the year, but have been recently in a trading range above

400,000. Last week they bounced back to 401,000 after a huge decline the week

before. While the rise was not what we wanted to see, it was relatively small

and showed that the week before had not been a fluke. Another small increase is

anticipated this week, with initial claims expected to hit 406,000. The 400,000

level is important psychologically in that it has historically been the

inflection point below which we tend to create enough jobs to bring down the

unemployment rate. The four-week moving average will stay above the 400,000

level. The week-to-week numbers can be very volatile, so the four-week average

is the thing to focus on. Keep an eye on the prior week's revision as well as

the change from the revised number. Continuing claims have in a downtrend of

late, but the road down has been bumpy. Last week they fell by 52,000 to 3.700

million. That is down 752,000 from a year ago. I would expect a small decline

this week. The consensus is looking for 3.700 million, or no change. Some

(most?) of the longer-term decline due to people simply exhausting their regular

state benefits, which run out after 26 weeks. Those, however, don't last forever

either. Federally paid extended claims fell by 28,000 last week to 3.552

million, and are down 1.584 million over the last year. Looking at just the

regular continuing claims numbers is a serious mistake. They only include a

little over half of the unemployed now, given the unprecedentedly high duration

of unemployment figures. A better measure is the total number of people getting

unemployment benefits, currently at 6.862 million, which is down 123,000 from

last week (there are some timing issues, so the change in continuing and

existing claims does not match the change in the total). The total number of

people getting benefits is now 2.204 million below year-ago levels. What is not

known is how many people have left the extended claims via the road to

prosperity -- finding a new job -- and how many have left on the road to poverty

-- having simply exhausted even their extended benefits. Unless the program is

renewed (unlikely given the current Congress) then all extended benefits will

end in January. Make sure to look at both sets of numbers! Many of the press

reports will not, but we will here at Zacks. The trade deficit is expected to

rise to $48.1 billion in August from $44.8 billion in July. While there is some

lag in the numbers between quoted prices for oil and the price of imported oil,

oil prices were generally lower in August than July. Since oil is responsible

for over half of the overall trade deficit (including the surplus we tend to run

in Services), that implies a big increase in our non-oil trade deficit. An

increasing trade deficit is a direct drag on GDP growth, and the level of the

trade deficit is an ongoing disaster. It's not the budget deficit that is

directly responsible for our increasing indebtedness to the rest of the world.

As such I consider it a far bigger economic problem, particularly in the short

to medium term, than the budget deficit. The budget deficit for September and

for the full 2011 fiscal year is released. The consensus is looking for $67

billion worth of red ink, up from $34.6 billion in September 2010. The budget

deficit numbers are highly seasonal, but not seasonally adjusted, hence the

month-to-month changes are highly misleading. Provided the September consensus

is accurate, the budget deficit for fiscal 2011 should come in at $1.031

trillion, up slightly from 1.294 trillion in fiscal 2010.



Friday



Retail sales are expected to have risen by 0.6% in September after having been

unchanged in August. This is a very broad-based measure of retail sales,

including not just spending at the mall, but also at auto dealers and at

restaurants as well. September was a strong month for auto sales as the supply

constraints due to the Japanese disaster eased. Excluding autos, retail sales

are expected to have risen by 0.3% after a rise of 0.1% in July. The University

of Michigan Consumer Sentiment index is expected to show a slight rise to 60.0

in October from 59.4 in September. That is still a very low level; in a healthy

economy it would be over 90. However, while consumer confidence is theoretically

very important -- consumer spending makes up 71% of the economy -- what people

say in these surveys and what they actually do is often very different. As such,

I find this to be an overrated economic indicator.



Dirk Van Dijk, CFA, is the Chief Equity Strategist for Zacks.com.



About the Zacks Rank



Since 1988, the Zacks Rank has proven that "Earnings estimate revisions are the

most powerful force impacting stock prices." Since inception in 1988, #1 Rank

Stocks have generated an average annual return of +28%. During the 2000-2002

bear market, Zacks #1 Rank stocks gained +43.8%, while the S&P 500 tumbled

-37.6%. Also note that the Zacks Rank system has just as many Strong Sell

recommendations (Rank #5) as Strong Buy recommendations (Rank #1). Since 1988,

Zacks Rank #5 stocks have significantly underperformed the S&P 500 (+2% versus

+9%). Thus, the Zacks Rank system allows investors to truly manage portfolio

trading effectively.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter offers continuous coverage of the

industries and the stocks poised to outperform the market. Subscribe to this

free newsletter today by visiting http://at.zacks.com/?id=4988.



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leonard Zacks. As a PhD in mathematics Len knew he could find patterns

in stock market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his

many accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system;

the Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1

margin. The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market

insights of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email

newsletter; Profit from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable

ideas GUARANTEED to be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to

Profit from the Pros by going to http://at.zacks.com/?id=3568.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?re

f=ts



Zacks Investment Research is under common control with affiliated entities

(including a broker-dealer and an investment adviser), which may engage in

transactions involving the foregoing securities for the clients of such

affiliates.



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Contact: Dirk Van Dijk, CFA

Company: Zacks.com

Phone: 312-265-9211

Email: pr@zacks.com

Visit: www.Zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





