aa,U.S. Newswire,20070220,14:53,332314
                              633 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                     February 20, 2007 Tuesday 2:53 PM EST



Energy East Joins Companies From Around the World to Lay Out Framework to Fight

Climate Change



SECTION: ENERGY EDITORS



LENGTH: 613 words



DATELINE: PORTLAND, Maine,  Feb. 20





"With energy consumption continuing to increase, it is incumbent on our industry

to partner with others to identify and implement aggressive energy efficiency

measures and work toward reducing emissions of greenhouse gases," said Wes von

Schack, Chairman and CEO of Energy East. "At our initiative, we are already

making considerable progress by adding to our capacity to generate

environmentally-friendly hydroelectricity, planning to implement a system of

smart meters that will enable us to work with our customers to reduce demand --

particularly during on-peak times -- and improving the efficiency of our energy

distribution system."



The joint statement calls on governments to set scientifically-informed targets

for greenhouse gas and carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions. The statement also urges

governments to place a price on carbon emissions and to set forth policies aimed

at addressing energy efficiency and de-carbonization in all sectors. Calling

climate change "an urgent problem," the statement lays out a proactive framework

for global action to mitigate risks and impacts while also meeting the global

need for energy, economic growth and sustainable development. It outlines

cost-effective technologies that exist today and others that could be developed

and deployed to improve energy efficiency and help reduce CO2 emissions and

other greenhouse gases in major sectors of the global economy.



The ability of so many key stakeholders with such diverse views to agree upon

the joint statement demonstrates the possibility of fostering a global consensus

on a positive, proactive approach to meeting the challenge of global climate

change. In addition to Energy East, the signatories include Air France, Alcoa,

Allianz, Bayer, China Renewable Energy Industry Association, Citigroup,

Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand, Eni, Eskom, Florida Power & Light

Group, General Electric, Iberdrola, ING, Interface, Munich Re, NRG Energy,

Patagonia, Ricoh, Rolls Royce, Stora Enso North America, Suntech Power,

Vattenfall, Volvo, World Council of Churches, World Petroleum Council and many

others.



Since 2004, the diverse members of the Global Roundtable on Climate Change, an

initiative of The Earth Institute at Columbia University, has convened more than

100 high-level stakeholders and experts twice a year to explore areas of

potential consensus regarding core scientific, technological, and economic

issues critical to shaping public policies on climate change. The joint

statement is an outcome of these dialogues, and was built on careful discussion

over the past three years.



Individuals can take a step toward combating climate change by adding their name

to a growing global call for action at www.NextGenerationEarth.org. The Web

site, launched on February 19, gives people an opportunity to have their voices

heard on issues of global well being and environmental sustainability. The

climate principles on the Web site are based on elements of the joint statement.



About Energy East: Energy East Corporation is a respected super-regional energy

services and delivery company serving about 3 million customers throughout

upstate New York and New England. By providing outstanding customer service and

meeting customers' energy requirements in an environmentally- responsible

manner, Energy East will continue to be a valuable asset to the communities we

serve.



For more information about the Global Roundtable on Climate Change:



http://www.earthinstitute.columbia.edu/grocc/



SOURCE Energy East Corporation







Contact: For more information about the joint statement: Clare Oh,

coh@ei.columbia.edu, +1-212-854-5479; or for Energy East Investor Relations,

+1-207-688-4336



LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





