
                              849 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                          February 11, 2004 Wednesday



Army's Defense Ammunition Center Implements Solid Edge(R) for Computer-Aided

Design of Ammunition Handling Systems and Ammunition Peculiar Equipment;

Software Purchase Prompted By Need for Faster Drawing Creation and Use Of Design

Data for Safety Analysis and ISO 9001 Process Documentation



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 896 words



DATELINE: PLANO, Texas Feb. 11





UGS PLM Solutions, the product lifecycle management (PLM) subsidiary of EDS

(NYSE: EDS), today announced the Army's Defense Ammunition Center (DAC) selected

Solid Edge(R) as its computer- aided design (CAD) system following a yearlong

evaluation to update its previous 2D and 3D systems.



McAlester, Okla.-based DAC purchased 25 licenses of Solid Edge for use in the

design, testing and safety validation of ammunition loads, which may be

transported, stored and handled by numerous conveyances for the U.S. Department

of Defense. Solid Edge also will be used to design equipment, which will be

utilized in the maintenance and demilitarization of ammunition.



DAC's objective was to move from the 2D design process to 3D in order to shorten

the time it takes to produce multiple drawing sets as well as to use 3D data

with Finite Element Analysis software to determine the safety of the ammunition

handling platforms before they are constructed. DAC also targeted a need for

design management, specifically documenting its recent ISO 9001 certification

processes.



Dual technical support for DAC's Solid Edge implementation is provided by UGS

PLM Solutions as well as A+ Integrated Solutions Inc., a Solid Edge value- added

reseller doing business in Oklahoma, Texas, Arkansas and Louisiana.



The Solution



Solid Edge (www.solidedge.com ) from UGS PLM Solutions is powerful 3D CAD

software that allows manufacturing companies to Design with Insight and to

reduce time to market, improve quality and lower cost. The exclusive Solid Edge

Insight technology embeds design management capabilities directly within CAD,

providing insight into design intent to the entire organization and enhancing

collaboration. Insight, complemented by Solid Edge's superior core modeling and

process workflows, has reduced Engineering Change Orders (ECOs) and their

related rework by 50 percent or more. The extensive Solid Edge user community is

comprised of designers at thousands of companies worldwide, including Alcoa, NEC

Engineering, and Volvo. The Solid Edge Voyager Program includes almost 200

integrated engineering software applications and computer hardware solutions.



About DAC



As a member of the United States defense community, the Defense Ammunition

Center (www.dac.army.mil/default1.html ) has many unique and special

capabilities that serve the ammunition industry, both government and private,

around the globe. This Oklahoma-based organization is part of the U.S. Army

Joint Munitions Command, which is the largest subordinate command under the U.S.

Army Materiel Command.



About UGS PLM Solutions



UGS PLM Solutions, a leader in product data management, collaboration and

product design software and services with 41,000 clients and more than 2.6

million seats of technology operating in the market, is the product lifecycle

management (PLM) subsidiary of EDS. The company works collaboratively with its

clients to create solutions enabling them to transform their process of

innovation and thus begin to capture the promise of PLM. The integration of the

former operations of companies including Structural Dynamics Research

Corporation (SDRC), Engineering Animation Inc. (EAI) and UGS, UGS PLM Solutions

has created some of the leading design, collaboration and product data

management technologies that ultimately formed the foundation of the PLM

industry. Today, the company is a family of one, building on three decades of

leadership in continuing to be a pioneer in PLM. For more information on UGS PLM

Solutions products and services, visit www.ugsplmsolutions.com or www.eds.com .



About EDS



EDS, the world's most experienced outsourcing services company, delivers

superior returns to clients through its cost-effective, high-value services

model. EDS' core portfolio comprises information-technology and business process

outsourcing services, as well as information-technology transformation services.

EDS' two complementary, subsidiary businesses are A.T. Kearney, one of the

world's leading high-value management consultancies, and UGS PLM Solutions, a

leader in product data management, collaboration and product design software.

With 2003 revenue of $21.5 billion, EDS is ranked 80th on the Fortune 500. The

company's stock is traded on the New York and London stock exchanges. Learn more

at www.eds.com .



Note to editors: Solid Edge is a registered trademark of EDS or its subsidiaries

in the United States and in other countries. All other trademarks, registered

trademarks or service marks belong to their respective holders.



The statements in this news release that are not historical statements,

including statements regarding the amount of new contract values, are forward-

looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These

statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are

beyond EDS' control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from

such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see

EDS' most recent Form 10-Q. EDS disclaims any intention or obligation to update

or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new

information, future events or otherwise.



CONTACT:

     Mike Paludan - UGS PLM Solutions

     256-705-2544

     mike.paludan@eds.com



SOURCE UGS PLM Solutions



CONTACT: Mike Paludan of UGS PLM Solutions, +1-256-705-2544, or

mike.paludan@eds.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS AND TECHNOLOGY EDITORS



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





