aa,PR Newswire US,20050330,5:15,332456
                              775 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                     March 30, 2005 Wednesday 10:15 AM GMT



Alcoa Home Exteriors Introduces DreamColor;

700 Color Options, Maintenance-Free Beauty



LENGTH: 628 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH March 30





PITTSBURGH, March 30  /PRNewswire/ -- Say goodbye to premium siding and

accessories for home exteriors in the standard white, taupe and beige and say

hello to more than 3,000 low-maintenance products in Tropical Coral, Lemon Ice,

and Deep Emerald. Marking a first in the industry, Alcoa Home Exteriors

introduces DreamColor(TM), its new line of exterior products available in an

amazing palette of 700 baseline colors.



(Photo:   http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20050330/NYFNSS10  )



"Alcoa has developed this new technology to produce almost any color imaginable

-- and puts it to use for a total home exterior solution -- something that has

never been available until now. With DreamColor(TM), Alcoa Home Exteriors

provides one-stop shopping for homeowners and builders, offering everything from

premium siding, soffit and fascia and designer accents to shutters and window

treatments and rain removal systems," said Gary Acinapura, Alcoa Home Exteriors

President.



With so many color combinations to choose from, Alcoa Home Exteriors'

professional design service, Studio A, takes the guesswork out of what a home

would look like with Lavender Cream siding, Puppy Paws trim and Hat Box Brown

shutters. Studio A designers work with homeowners to create a comprehensive

portfolio using a photo of the home.



Available through Alcoa's web site,  http://www.alcoahomes.com/  , Studio A is

perfect for new construction and remodeling projects. On the interactive site,

homeowners are asked to select one of six exterior designers, based on color

preferences and architectural style.



Upon completion of the designs, homeowners receive a personal design solution.

Each folio includes home exterior designs, customized color palettes (for

primary siding, trim/accents and roof), and before and after images. A product

listing is also enclosed - outlining all exterior materials used (siding,

decorative accents, shutters and window treatments), product features and

performance data. Each Studio A folio contains additional ideas and tips and a

list of Alcoa preferred contractors by region.



If homeowners or contractors have a piece of weathered or damaged siding they

would like to replace, they can send it to Alcoa and they'll match the existing

siding to one of the 700 DreamColor(TM) hues. If the homeowner's existing siding

isn't in the baseline palette, Alcoa can create a custom color match. In

addition, before placing an order of Pale Mauve or Blue Shamrock siding, trim or

designer accessories, homeowners or contractors can request a color sample in

the product's material: vinyl, aluminum or injection molded.



All Alcoa products offer durability and performance and are backed by a "best in

the business" warranty and proudly wear the Good Housekeeping(TM) Seal of

Approval. For more information on Alcoa's DreamColor(TM) system or premium

exterior products, visit Alcoa Home Exteriors at AlcoaHomes.com or call (800)

962-6973.



Headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA, Alcoa Home Exteriors, Inc., a wholly owned

subsidiary of Alcoa, is a leading U.S. manufacturer of vinyl and aluminum

products for the remodeling and new construction markets.  Alcoa Home Exteriors

offers 44 years of experience in manufacturing and marketing a broad selection

of exterior building products, including siding, shutters & window treatments,

soffit & fascia, and designer accents.  Alcoa Home Exteriors operates

manufacturing, training and warehousing facilities in Ohio, Pennsylvania,

Virginia, South Carolina, Texas and Georgia. For more information, visit

http://www.alcoahomes.com/  or call (800) 962-6973.



CONTACT:  Michelle Cragle, +1-412-642-7700, or

 Michelle.cragle@elias-savion.com  , for Alcoa Home Exteriors, Inc.



Web site:   http://www.alcoahomes.com/



SOURCE Alcoa Home Exteriors, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



NOTES: NOTE TO EDITORS:  Acinapura is available for interviews.



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





