aa,PR Newswire,20100315,24:15,332001
                              320 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       March 15, 2010 Monday 12:15 PM EST



The Arthur Vining Davis Foundations Grant Supports National Staff Development

Council's Learning School Alliance



LENGTH: 611 words



DATELINE: DALLAS, March 15





DALLAS, March 15 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The National Staff Development

Council has received a $200,000 grant from The Arthur Vining Davis Foundations

to promote effective professional learning and improve student achievement in

high schools. The grant will contribute to the Learning School Alliance High

School community, specifically to support and connect high schools committed to

collaborative leadership and learning consistent with NSDC's standards for staff

development.



"Professional development that engages teachers in collaborative learning within

their schools using a cycle of continuous improvement fosters collective

responsibility for student success," said Stephanie Hirsh, executive director of

NSDC. "The Learning School Alliance provides a venue, encouragement, and

recognition for high schools to implement these practices."



NSDC created the Learning School Alliance (LSA) to improve instruction and

student learning as well as to provide exemplars of professional learning

communities that advance educator and student performance. The program is based

on research validating the contribution of professional learning communities in

schools committed to improving the performance of both teachers and students.

High school teachers and principals from up to 30 schools will gain knowledge

and skills necessary for creating strong collaborative professional learning

communities on their campuses by utilizing both virtual and face-to-face

resources and coaching tools developed by NSDC. The project will also

incorporate and share findings from NSDC's Multi-Year Study of the State of

Professional Learning in the U.S. and the perspectives of teachers and

principals documented in the MetLife Survey of the American Teacher series.



"Teacher quality is far and away the most important driver of student

achievement. Therefore, quality professional development must be at the core of

high school improvement efforts. We are pleased to support NSDC's Learning

School Alliance, which will facilitate and showcase effective professional

development for a wide range of high school settings," commented William Keator,

Vice President for Programs, Arthur Vining Davis Foundations.



Lessons from the Learning School Alliance will be shared broadly in NSDC

publications, conferences, and workshops, as well as the NSDC website.



About National Staff Development Council



The National Staff Development Council's purpose is ensuring that every educator

engages in effective professional learning every day so every student achieves.

With more than 12,000 members, NSDC is the only education association working

solely to increase student achievement through more effective professional

development. NSDC views high-quality professional development programs as

essential to creating schools in which all students and staff members are

learners who continually improve their performance. To learn more about NSDC and

our activities, visit www.nsdc.org.



About The Arthur Vining Davis Foundations



The Arthur Vining Davis Foundations are named for the former president of the

Aluminum Company of America. The Foundations make grants in five program areas:

higher education, secondary education, religion (graduate theological

education), health care (caring attitudes), and public television. Secondary

education grants support "innovative professional development programs that

strengthen teachers and their teaching in grades 9-12." For more information

about The Arthur Vining Davis Foundations, visit www.avdf.org.



SOURCE National Staff Development Council







CONTACT:Carol Francois of the National Staff Development Council,

+1-972-421-0900, carol.francois@nsdc.org



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





