aa,PR Newswire,20101109,10:14,331964
                              283 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     November 9, 2010 Tuesday 10:14 AM EST



NMAPC Celebrates Tenth Anniversary of the Zero Injury Safety Awards



LENGTH: 766 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 9, 2010





WASHINGTON, Nov. 9, 2010 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The National Maintenance

Agreements Policy Committee Inc. (NMAPC) is pleased to congratulate the winners

of the 10th Annual Zero Injury Safety Awards (ZISA).



(Photo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20101108/DC97392)



(Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101108/DC97392)



The ZISA Gala was held on Thursday, October 28 at the National Building Museum

in Washington, D.C. Sixty-three awards were presented, accounting for more than

10 million injury-free hours worked in calendar year 2009. Each award recognizes

an alliance between owner-clients, signatory contractors and local and

international unions who worked together in a tripartite fashion to achieve zero

injuries on their projects.



"The winners' hard work, cooperation and dedication to the zero injury

philosophy proves once again that union construction is the safest and best

option on the market," said Steve Lindauer, Impartial Secretary and CEO of the

NMAPC.



The highest honor of the evening went to The State Group Industrial (USA)

Limited, Alcoa Inc. and the Southwestern Indiana Building Trades Council. The

tripartite alliance was awarded the ZISA Silver Star Award for more than 791,000

injury-free work hours performed at the Warrick Generating Station in Newburgh,

Indiana.



Three additional Silver Stars were awarded. The tripartite recipients were:



Enerfab, American Electric Power and the East Central Ohio Building Trades

Council for more than 592,000 injury-free work hours performed at the Conesville

Power Plant in Conesville, Ohio. Solid Platforms, BP Products North America and

the Indiana/Kentucky Regional Council of Carpenters Northern Office for more

than 539,000 injury-free work hours performed at the Whiting Refinery in

Whiting, Indiana. Enerfab, First Energy Corp. and the Upper Ohio Valley Building

Trades Council for more than 534,000 injury-free work hours performed at the

W.H. Sammis Plant in Jefferson, Ohio.



A complete list of winners is available at http://www.nmapc.org/zisa.



The 10th Annual ZISA Gala was also a time for reflection on a decade of

accomplishments. Emmitt Nelson, one of the foremost advocates of the zero injury

philosophy, was presented with a special award for his pioneering efforts to

create injury-free workplaces across the country.



"Emmitt has been, and continues to be, a tireless advocate for the zero injury

philosophy," said Lindauer. "When he retired from Shell Oil Company in 1992, he

devoted himself full-time to spreading the message and convincing owner-clients,

contractors and unions that an injury-free workplace wasn't just a myth or some

utopian idea. It's safe to say that Emmitt's hard work, commitment and passion

have pushed the zero injury concept to the forefront of the construction and

industrial maintenance industries."



The keynote speaker for the evening was Lt. General Russel Honore (Ret.), the

Commander of Joint Task Force Katrina in 2005. Known for his no-nonsense

leadership philosophy, Honore delivered a vivid, patriotic speech that brought a

standing ovation from the crowd. Honore also congratulated the ZISA winners for

their outstanding commitment to the zero injury philosophy.



"We celebrated a milestone," Lindauer said of the event. "Almost everyone at the

ZISA Gala played a part in a decade's worth of outstanding effort from union

contractors, their customers and tens of thousands of union craft workers. I

look forward to the next ten years, and I'm confident we can achieve even

greater things."



ABOUT THE NMAPC



The National Maintenance Agreements Policy Committee Inc. negotiates and

administers the National Maintenance Agreements, a series of collective

bargaining agreements utilized by more than 2,500 industrial contractors who

employ members of 14 building trades international unions. The agreements

provide a cost-effective vehicle for contractors and skilled building trades

workers to perform construction, maintenance and repair work for the country's

industrial and manufacturing base.



The NMAPC was the first national labor management organization in the

construction industry to become incorporated, and is based in the philosophy of

tripartite cooperation between the customer, contractor and union craft

personnel. To date, the NMAPC program has accounted for more than 2 billion

work-hours for the building trades and contractors.



For more information, visit us at www.nmapc.org.



SOURCE The National Maintenance Agreements Policy Committee Inc.







CONTACT:David Acord of The National Maintenance Agreements Policy Committee

Inc., +1-703-524-3336 x124 or dacord@nmapc.org



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





