aa,U.S. Newswire,20081017,17:33,332154
                              473 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                      October 17, 2008 Friday 5:33 PM EST



TMC Awards Industry Scholarship to University of Northwestern Ohio



SECTION: TRANSPORTATION EDITORS



LENGTH: 618 words



DATELINE: ARLINGTON, Va.,  Oct. 17





Daniel Reisinger, Marble, Pa., is the recipient of an industry scholarship for

the 2008-2009 academic year provided by the University of Northwestern Ohio in

partnership with the Technology & Maintenance Council (TMC) of American Trucking

Associations.



The scholarship, part of an ongoing effort by TMC's Professional Technician

Development Committee (PTDC) to promote and enhance the professionalism of

commercial vehicle technicians, was formally announced during TMC's 2008 Fall

Meeting, held Sept. 15-18 in Nashville, Tenn.



Mr. Reisinger, Marble, Pa., is the first recipient of the TMC/University of

Northwestern Ohio scholarship. He is a 2008 graduate of North Clarion County

High School in Tionesta, Pa., where he earned a 2.5 GPA. He demonstrated strong

leadership and technical skills in the three years he was part of diesel program

at the school's allied Clarion Co. Career Center where he was president of the

program in his junior and senior years. One of the projects in which he assisted

while in the program was building a 1993 Peterbilt into a show truck that was

displayed at the Mid-America Truck Show. The truck received the show's Pride &

Polish award for teamwork and an award for youth initiative.



The University of Northwestern Ohio tuition-only scholarship is provided to

students working toward a degree in auto diesel technology or a bachelor degree

in specialized studies, with a minor in automotive aftermarket management. The

University of Northwestern Ohio, Lima, Ohio, started the first automotive and

diesel program in the state in 1973. Mr. Reisinger' application was sponsored by

TMC member J. David Walters, Alcoa Wheel Products, Cleveland, Ohio.



Scholarships provided by the University of Northwestern Ohio and other schools

in conjunction with TMC are part of the vision of PTDC's founders to recognize

technicians and develop and extend technical opportunities for technicians. The

scholarships are also intended to promote interest in the truck equipment

maintenance field.



TMC, a technical council of American Trucking Associations, is North America's

premier technical society for truck equipment technology and maintenance

professionals. TMC features a diverse membership of equipment managers,

service-dealers, owner-operators, industry suppliers and manufacturers,

educators, academia and others that support the trucking industry. TMC member

fleets represent the broad range of industry vocations, including truckload,

less-than-truckload, municipal, private, on/off-highway, construction and other

operations. Find out more about TMC online at http://tmc.truckline.com.



American Trucking Associations, the national trade association for the trucking

industry, is a federation of affiliated state trucking associations, conferences

and organizations that includes more than 37,000 motor carrier members

representing every type and class of motor carrier in the country. ATA serves

the interests of more than nine million people and 420,000 companies involved in

trucking before Congress, the courts and regulatory agencies.



http://www.truckline.com



TMC Meeting Dates



TMC 2009 Annual Meeting & Transportation Technology Exhibition



Orange County Convention Center



Orlando, Florida



February 9-12



TMC 2009 Fall Meeting & National Technician Skills Competition



Raleigh Convention Center



Raleigh, North Carolina



September 14-17



TMC's 2010 Annual Meeting & Transportation Technology Exhibition



Tampa Convention Center



Tampa, Florida



February 9-12



TMC's 2011 Annual Meeting & Transportation Technology Exhibition



Tampa Convention Center



Tampa, Florida



February 8-11



SOURCE American Trucking Associations







Contact: Marsh Galloway of American Trucking Associations, +1-913-498-2162,

mgalloway@trucking.org



LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





