aa,PR Newswire US,20060725,17:08,332363
                              682 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       July 25, 2006 Tuesday 9:08 PM GMT



Selectica Announces the Resignation of Sanjay Mittal From the Board of Directors



LENGTH: 386 words



DATELINE: SAN JOSE, Calif. July 25





SAN JOSE, Calif., July 25  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Selectica, Inc.

(NASDAQ:SLTC), a leading provider of sales execution and contract management

solutions, today announced that Sanjay Mittal will leave the Board of Directors

effective immediately to focus his time on a new venture.  Mittal will continue

with the company as a consultant.  "I leave with the satisfaction that we built

a company whose products are used by some of the largest corporations world-wide

in a mission-critical role.  I am proud to have worked with a great group of

people whose dedication and hard work made Selectica and its products possible,"

said Mittal.



Vince Ostrosky noted that Mittal had been a founder of the Company, inventor of

its configuration and pricing technologies, and had served the Company as Chief

Technology Officer and Chief Executive Officer, and said he would be missed.

"Sanjay Mittal has over the years been instrumental as a founder, officer and

director in building Selectica and its products.  We are pleased that he will

continue as a consultant to the Company, and we would like to thank him for his

many contributions over the years," said Ostrosky.



Following these changes, Selectica's Board will have five members, with four

being classified as independent.



About Selectica, Inc.



Founded in 1996, Selectica (NASDAQ:SLTC) provides high-performance enterprise

software that enables customers to manage and sell complex offerings, and ensure

compliance.  The company's solutions are used to simplify, integrate and

accelerate product lifecycle management, order configuration, pricing and

contract management.  Selectica customers represent global manufacturing and

service leaders including: 7-Eleven, ABB, Alcoa, Applied Bio Systems, Bell

Canada, Cisco, Dell, General Electric, Fireman's Fund Insurance Company,

Hitachi, International Paper, Juniper Networks, Rockwell Automation, Seton

Hospital, Time Warner and Triad Hospitals. Selectica is headquartered in San

Jose, CA.  For more information, visit the company's Web site

http://www.selectica.com/ .



  Contact:



   At Financial Relations Board:

   Tony Rossi

   Investor Relations

   310-854-8317





CONTACT:  Investor Relations, Tony Rossi of Financial Relations Board,

+1-310-854-8317, for Selectica, Inc.



Web site:   http://www.selectica.com/



SOURCE Selectica, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





