
                              846 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                            February 20, 2004 Friday



Four Former Continental/Midland Employees Acquire Huck Automotive Fasteners

Group from Alcoa Inc.



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 590 words





    Owners Will Focus on Regaining Leadership in Customer Service For

  Continental/Midland, JacobsonManufacturing, MSD Stamping and the Former

                              Midwest Fasteners





PARK FOREST, Ill., Feb. 20 /PRNewswire/ -- A group headed by Robert S. Kaminski

and other former employees of Continental/Midland, has purchased four

manufacturing facilities and related assets of the Huck Automotive Fasteners

Group from Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA), the world's leading producer of primary

aluminum, fabricated aluminum and alumina. Terms of the transaction were not

disclosed.



The acquisition includes Continental/Midland facilities in Park Forest, IL and

Valparaiso, IN (formerly known as Midwest Fasteners), a former Jacobson

Manufacturing plant in Medina, OH and MSD Stamping in Livonia, MI. Together, the

plants have more than 600 employees and generated more than $100 million in

revenues in 2003.



"We believe this business has tremendous growth potential," said Kaminski, who

was president and owner of Continental/Midland between 1986 and 1999. "We are

also excited to be working once again with our talented employees to return our

company to industry prominence. We did it before, and we will do it again."



Continental/Midland and the other businesses will be owned and managed by

Kaminski, his sons Bob and Dave Kaminski, and Jack Woodruff - all of whom were

instrumental in their former company's turnaround and growth throughout the

1990s. Their immediate plans include making customer service the company's top

priority, simplifying operations and reinforcing the values (Integrity,

Responsiveness, Accountability) that made Continental/Midland one of the most

respected names in the automotive industry.

    "We understand the auto-making business and will do whatever it takes to

deliver quality products that meet our customers' specifications and production

scheduling requirements," said Kaminski.



About Continental/Midland, Jacobson Manufacturing and MSD Stamping



Continental/Midland, Jacobson Manufacturing and MSD Stamping design, manufacture

and market engineered metal fasteners, cold-formed parts and fastener assemblies

for automotive manufacturers and suppliers as well as selected industrial

markets. In addition, Continental/Midland manufactures and supplies powder

actuated tools. The companies have approximately 600 employees and manufacturing

facilities in Park Forest, IL; Valparaiso, IN; Medina, OH and Livonia, MI. For

additional information please contact David Kaminski, Sr., President and Chief

Operating Officer, (708) 747-1200 ext. 279, David.kaminski@contmid.com .



About Alcoa Inc.



Alcoa is the world's leading producer of primary aluminum, fabricated aluminum

and alumina, and is active in all major aspects of the industry. Alcoa serves

the aerospace, automotive, packaging, building and construction, commercial

transportation and industrial markets, bringing design, engineering, production

and other capabilities of Alcoa's businesses to customers. In addition to

aluminum products and components, Alcoa also markets consumer brands including

Reynolds Wrap(R) foils and plastic wraps, Alcoa(R) wheels, and Baco(R) household

wraps. Among its other businesses are vinyl siding, closures, fastening systems,

precision castings, and electrical distribution systems for cars and trucks. The

company has 120,000 employees in 41 countries. More information can be found at

www.alcoa.com .



SOURCE Continental/Midland, LLC



CONTACT: Peter Duckler of HLB Communications, +1-312-423-4930,

pduckler@hlbcomm.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS EDITOR



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





