aa,U.S. Newswire,20070326,15:43,332299
                              618 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                       March 26, 2007 Monday 3:43 PM EST



Machinist Union Hit With Multiple Federal Charges for Retaliating Against

Employees Who Inquired About Their Rights



SECTION: NATIONAL EDITORS



LENGTH: 572 words



DATELINE: CLEVELAND,  March 26





Two employees of Alcoa Company (NYSE: AA) filed a new round of federal unfair

labor practice charges today to protect themselves from a pattern of ugly union

intimidation at the company.



The employees at Alcoa's trucking wheel manufacturing plant filed the charges

with help from National Right to Work Foundation attorneys after officials from

the International Union of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM) union

repeatedly threatened them with unlawful discipline and termination simply for

inquiring about their limited legal rights to refrain from formal union

membership.



Today's filing at the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) is the third related

charge filed inside of one month. Alcoa employees Mark Bedenik and Matthew

Slatten also detail in their charge how union officials kicked them out of the

union in retaliation for inquiring about their rights to refrain from full union

membership, but illegally continued to seize union dues from their paychecks.



After Bedenik and Slatten originally approached union representatives in

February to inquire about their rights to refrain from formal union membership,

union officials unlawfully misled them that full membership is a mandatory

condition of employment and that resigning from the union would result in their

termination. In retaliation for asserting their right to refrain from certain

union activity, union officials effectively suspended six employees from

eligibility for overtime work at the Alcoa facility for a period of up to one

year. The employees responded with unfair labor practice charges filed at the

NLRB.



"Union officials want workers to shut up and pay up," said Stefan Gleason, vice

president of the National Right to Work Foundation. "These are just a few of

many types of abuse faced by employees in states like Ohio with no Right to Work

law to ensure that the payment of union dues is strictly voluntary."



In a second related charge filed in early March, Foundation attorneys

highlighted that union officials ordered Bedenik and Slatten to attend an IAM

union internal kangaroo court held for the purpose of punishing them for

inquiring about refraining from full union membership. Instructing the employees

to attend the proceedings and only enter through the "rear entrance" of the

building, union officials intended to fine and discipline the two for thinking

about opposing the union. The employees chose not to show up for their "trial."



Under the Foundation-won Communication Workers of America v. Beck decision, the

U.S. Supreme Court ruled that employees laboring under compulsory unionism

contracts are entitled to resign from formal union membership and withhold

forced dues for everything except the documented cost of monopoly bargaining.

However, if union officials expel a union member for



any reason other than a failure to pay dues, they are not entitled to collect

any dues whatsoever from such persons.



The National Right to Work Legal Defense Foundation is a nonprofit, charitable

organization providing free legal aid to employees whose human or civil rights

have been violated by compulsory unionism abuses. The Foundation, which can be

contacted toll-free at 1-800-336-3600, is assisting over 200,000 employees in

over 200 cases nationwide. Its web address is http://www.nrtw.org.



SOURCE National Right to Work Legal Defense Foundation







Contact: Justin Hakes of the National Right to Work Legal Defense Foundation,

+1-703-770-3317



LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





