aa,PR Newswire,20110624,8:00,331884
                              203 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        June 24, 2011 Friday 8:00 AM EST



Alcoa's Bill O'Rourke Confronts Corrupt Business Practices in Russia and Other

Emerging Markets



LENGTH: 563 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK, June 24, 2011





"I'm a firm believer that the companies that act correctly succeed, and they

succeed in the long term," said Alcoa Vice President Bill O'Rourke on June 15,

speaking at the Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs. "It's very

important, as you evolve in a corporation, that you build the kind of culture

where doing the right thing is acceptable."



O'Rourke was the keynote speaker at an interactive Workshop for Ethics in

Business, custom-designed for high-level professionals.



The group explored a series of mini-case studies drawn from O'Rourke's

experiences, from standing up to corrupt government officials to dealing with

kickbacks within his own organization. Although the focus was on Russia,

businesspeople are often faced with similar ethical challenges in other emerging

markets-and sometimes in developed ones as well.



For the transcript, audio, and video of this event, go to:

http://www.carnegiecouncil.org/resources/transcripts/0409.html.



Why go into Russia at all? In 2010, Transparency International ranked it 154 out

of 178 countries on perception of corruption and several multinational companies

in Russia have been accused of corruption.



"The market opportunity was there," said O'Rourke, noting that the per capita

consumption of aluminum in Russia was about 4 kilograms person in 2005, compared

to 35-40 in the U.S. and Western Europe. There were big opportunities in the

aircraft, packaging, construction, and auto industries, he said, plus there was

the opportunity to buy two large manufacturing plants.



What were the potential pitfalls? "Number one on our list was corruption," said

O'Rourke. "Number two was bureaucracy."



Another challenge proved to be training Russian staff in the Alcoa company

culture. This included raising safety standards, tightening up accounting,

implementing environmental stewardship, and, of course, changing the culture of

corruption that permeates every aspect of Russian life.



"You have to let the employees know what the rules are and what the sanctions

are going to be," said O'Rourke. He also learned never to jump to conclusions.

The first step is always "to gather the facts."



The Carnegie Council's Workshops for Ethics in Business are designed to prepare

current and future business leaders for the paradoxes of the real world.

Featuring top executives of major companies, they are created in consultation

with a core group of corporate/financial partners, as well as distinguished

academics in the field of business ethics.



Bill O'Rourke has been at Alcoa for over 35 years. He was named vice president,

Sustainability and Environment, Health & Safety for Alcoa in September 2008.

Previously, he was vice president of Global Business Services and the chief

information officer of Alcoa.



From the beginning of 2005 to 2008, he served as Alcoa president of Alcoa

Russia, a $1 billion revenue business. He oversaw an investment program that

exceeded $500 million.



The Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs

(www.carnegiecouncil.org), established in 1914 by Andrew Carnegie, is an

independent, nonpartisan, nonprofit organization dedicated to increasing

understanding of the relationship between ethics and international affairs.



SOURCE Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs







CONTACT:Madeleine Lynn, Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs,

+1-212-838-4120 ext. 222, mlynn@cceia.org



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





