aa,PR Newswire,20120905,11:00,331730
                              49 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                    September 5, 2012 Wednesday 11:00 AM EST



Donna Dabney Joins The Conference Board as Executive Director of the Governance

Center



LENGTH: 367 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK, Sept. 5, 2012





 The Conference Board today announced that Donna Dabney has joined The

Conference Board as Executive Director of the Governance Center.  In this new

role, Ms. Dabney will lead a team that will explore restoring trust in public

corporations, identifying sustainable corporate governance policies and

understanding global governance issues.  The Governance Center will continue to

sponsor rigorous governance research and education and will serve as a neutral

forum for directors, investors and management.



"Donna's rich and deep experience in the area of corporate governance will help

the Conference Board expand and influence this important sector of our

business," said Sal Vitale, Executive Vice President, The Conference Board.  "We

are very proud to have Donna join our executive team and look forward to making

full use of her knowledge and skills for our members."



Prior to joining The Conference Board, Ms. Dabney was Vice President, Corporate

Secretary and Corporate Governance Counsel of Alcoa Inc.  Ms. Dabney has served

as a member of management for over 15 years on the boards of Alcoa and Reynolds

Metals Company and has expertise in governance issues related to executive

compensation.  At Reynolds she served as chief mergers and acquisitions counsel,

Secretary to the Board of Directors and served on the committee with management

oversight of the global operations of the company.   Before joining Reynolds she

practiced law with the Richmond, Virginia, firm of McGuire Woods and served on

the faculty of Old Dominion University.  She is graduate of the University of

Virginia School of Law.



ABOUT THE CONFERENCE BOARD

The Conference Board is a global, independent business membership and research

association working in the public interest. Our mission is unique: To provide

the world's leading organizations with the practical knowledge they need to

improve their performance and better serve society. The Conference Board is a

non-advocacy, not-for-profit entity holding 501 (c) (3) tax-exempt status in the

United States. http://www.conference-board.org



Twitter  | Facebook  | LinkedIn



SOURCE The Conference Board







CONTACT: Peter Tulupman, +1-212-339-0231, peter.tulupman@conference-board.org



LOAD-DATE: September 06, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





