aa,PR Newswire,20081209,11:04,332137
                              456 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      December 9, 2008 Tuesday 4:04 PM GMT



Bright Automotive(TM) Tells Congress that 'Auto Bailout' Funds Must Also be Used

to Enable Innovation by Entrepreneurial Companies;

Launched from research efforts at Colorado-based Rocky Mountain Institute,

Bright Automotive Has Developed a 100+ MPG Plug-In Hybrid Electric Vehicle



LENGTH: 595 words



DATELINE: ANDERSON, Ind. Dec. 9





ANDERSON, Ind., Dec. 9 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Reuben Munger, Co-Founder and

Chairman of Bright Automotive(TM), today told Congress that small companies are

essential to America's leadership in next-generation, fuel efficient vehicles.

Testifying before the House Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global

Warming, Munger said that Section 136 funds must be available to these highly

innovative businesses.



Indiana-based Bright Automotive ( http://www.brightautomotive.com/ ) has

developed a price competitive, 100 mile-per-gallon plug-in hybrid electric

vehicle. The vehicle is the first to demonstrate that dramatic fuel efficiency

gains can be made even with larger vehicles. Bright Automotive is on target to

begin mass production of the vehicle in 2012 at an annual rate of 50,000 units.



In January 2008, Bright Automotive launched as a stand-alone company, from

Colorado-based Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI), building on the creative and

expert work of a consortium of visionary organizations, including Alcoa, Duke

Energy, Google.org, Johnson Controls, and the Turner Foundation.



Bright Automotive is led by CEO John E. Waters, who formed the company while

working at Rocky Mountain Institute, a global thought leader on energy

efficiency. Waters is a pioneer in electric vehicles, having invented the

battery pack system for General Motors' first production electric vehicle, the

EV1, and subsequent electric and hybrid electric vehicles. He also advanced and

commercialized enabling battery technologies, such as lead acid, nickel metal

hydride and lithium-ion, and applied them to transportation solutions. He is

leading a deeply experienced team of automotive and business professionals

committed to answering the nation's call for energy independence by providing

breakthrough transportation solutions.



In his testimony, Munger told the committee, "Section 136 is a critical

component of the transformation of the American automotive industry. Tremendous

innovation resides within small companies in both vehicle development and

specific components, such as batteries. Taxpayer-supported incentives meant to

achieve a specific intent must be open to all U.S. companies and should be

allocated to programs and companies that provide the greatest return relative to

funds invested."



"Given the history of small businesses as a source of innovation in our country,

a set-aside for competitive smaller firms of not less than 20% of the loan

authority would ensure that innovation is sufficiently funded," Munger

continued. "Section 136 is the foundation for America's future leadership in the

automotive industry. The Big 3 as well as innovative companies both need Section

136."



A seasoned investment professional, Munger is Founder and Managing Partner of

Vision Ridge Partners. Previously, he served as Managing Director at The Baupost

Group, L.L.C., a $16 billion investment firm, where he oversaw the firm's

European equity investing.



In discussing Bright Automotive, Munger commented, "We are focused, experienced

and have a solid business model to rapidly introduce innovative and sustainable

products. Contrary to both existing and new entrants in the automotive industry,

we have chosen to immediately ramp to scale and address a larger vehicle class.

As our design shows, even a large vehicle can surpass traditional efficiency

barriers and achieve five times more miles-per-gallon of gasoline."



CONTACT: Don Marshall for Bright Automotive, +1-202-429-4932,

 donmarshall@rationalpr.com



Web site: http://www.brightautomotive.com/



SOURCE Bright Automotive



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





