aa,PR Newswire,20120328,24:49,331793
                              112 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     March 28, 2012 Wednesday 12:49 PM EST



Association of Fundraising Professionals Washington Chapter Seeks Nominations

for Outstanding Philanthropists;

Donors and volunteers to be recognized for their contributions at 2012 National

Philanthropy Day



LENGTH: 495 words



DATELINE: SEATTLE, March 28, 2012





Washington state philanthropists young and old, individual and corporate, are

being sought as nominees to be named as "Outstanding Philanthropists" on

National Philanthropy Day, Nov. 7, 2012, in Seattle.



The award recognition is sponsored by The Association of Fundraising

Professionals - Washington Chapter.



Individuals and organizations are encouraged to nominate deserving

philanthropists for the following awards:



Outstanding Philanthropic Corporation Outstanding Philanthropic Small Business

Outstanding Philanthropic Organization (grant-making entities, foundations,

organizations that raise private funds for grants, and organizations in service

to the community) Outstanding Philanthropist(s) (individual or couple)

Outstanding Philanthropic Family Outstanding Young Philanthropist (up to age 21)



Nomination forms can be found online at http://www.afpwashington.org/nominations

and nomination letters must be postmarked by June 3, 2012. This annual event

celebrates philanthropy in local communities throughout Washington state.



"Philanthropy is a deeply meaningful way individuals in our community express

their personal values. The impact of their giving is not solely dependent on the

number of zeros in the amount, but is strongly influenced by a philanthropist's

compassionate, thoughtful approach, and long-term commitment to their charity of

choice," said Matt DeGooyer, president of the Association of Fundraising

Professionals -Washington Chapter.



2011 honorees included:



Tom and Sonya Campion - Outstanding Philanthropists Alcoa of Washington -

Outstanding Philanthropic Corporation Compendium - Outstanding Small Company

Wilburforce Foundation - Outstanding Philanthropic Organization Marleen and

Kenny Alhadeff - Outstanding Family Rena Mateja Walker Burr - Outstanding Young

Philanthropist



Learn more about last year's honorees here:

http://www.afpwashington.org/2011-philanthropy-day-honorees.



About the Association of Fundraising Professionals: The Washington Chapter of

the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP) presents one of the oldest

and largest National Philanthropy Day celebrations in the country with more than

1,200 attendees. Each November the organization joins national and international

colleagues to celebrate exceptional individuals and organizations that have

dedicated themselves to philanthropy. Nationally, AFP represents more than

26,000 members in 172 chapters throughout the world, working to advance

philanthropy through advocacy, research, education and certification programs.

AFP fosters development and growth of fundraising professionals and promotes

high ethical standards in the fundraising profession. For more information,

visit www.afpwashington.org or send an e-mail to npd@afpwashington.org



SOURCE The Washington Chapter of the Association of Fundraising Professionals







CONTACT:Cynthia Flash, +1-425-603-9520, cynthia@flashmediaservices.com, for The

Washington Chapter of the Association of Fundraising Professionals



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





