aa,PR Newswire US,20060609,7:50,332372
                              691 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                        June 9, 2006 Friday 11:50 AM GMT



macs Software and Alta Via Consulting Partner to Provide Leading Software and

Consulting Solutions to Advanced Cost Management Challenges



LENGTH: 796 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH June 9





PITTSBURGH, June 9  /PRNewswire/ -- macs Software NA, Inc., the leading provider

of advanced cost management & budgeting and planning software for better

enabling organizations to determine where resources are providing optimal

returns, and Alta Via Consulting, LLC, the leading consulting solution provider

for comprehensive management accounting, advanced cost management and management

information challenges, today announced a partnership to integrate their

offerings. The partnership is embodied in an agreement where the richness of the

functionality of macs Software combined with the depth of Alta Via's experience

in advance cost management solutions together provide not only leading thought

process solutions to clients but also the ability to leverage technology as an

enabler for driving tangible benefits into organizations.



  Benefits to clients of the partnership include:

   -- comprehensive offering combining depth of Alta Via's consulting

      experience with the richness of macs Software functionality;



   -- macs Software being an enabling technology of the advanced management

      accounting approach, "Resource Consumption Accounting (RCA)"; and



   -- shorter time-to-market of new developments in advanced cost management

      principles. As implementers, thought leaders and technology enablers

      work closely together, time-to-market of new concepts and

      differentiators is greatly reduced.







Chris Meyer, CEO of macs Software NA, stated, "Our partnership with a firm with

such depth of Strategic Enterprise Management and Advance Cost Management

experience and their continuous research in the area of 'Resource Consumption

Accounting' provides us with the confidence of being able to remain at the

leading edge of developing thought practices."



Anton van der Merwe, a Partner of Alta Via, added, "We are delighted in this

partnership with macs Software, in particular their solid grounding, as robust

GPK software serves as the perfect baseline for RCA. macs Software addresses the

management planning, control and decision support needs of a broad range of our

clients."



Continuing, Meyer said, "macs Software is characterized by the quality of

tangible demonstrable benefits it has been able to drive into client

organizations. This is evidenced by our cumulatively expanding customer base

which not only includes midsize organizations but also household names like

Dole, Coca Cola, Alcoa and TRW. This relationship very much supports our core

focus and further enables us to drive quality business-improving solutions for

our customers."



about macs Software



macs Software focuses on enabling advanced Cost & Management Accounting

Solutions by assisting organizations to:



  -- improve the quality of financial planning using an integrated business

      and scenario planning process;



   -- identifying more accurately contribution margin potential through its

      profitability analytics capabilities based on improved costing

      accuracy; and



   -- implement sound corporate performance management principles.



   About Alta Via Consulting





Alta Via Consulting provides clients with the extensive experience required for

the challenges associated with comprehensive management accounting, advanced

cost management and strategic enterprise management solutions, including:



  -- envisioning workshops to map a client's current landscape and highlight

      functionality needs, integration points and potential tandem usage

      scenarios of technology solutions, project implementation approaches,

      adoption and roll-out strategies, etc.;



   -- on-site training workshops to familiarize clients with the capabilities

      of various technology solutions and of advanced concepts like Resource

      Consumption Accounting;



   -- conceptual design of management information, simulation, planning &

      control and decision support solutions;



   -- integration of organization planning, control and corrective action

      processes; and



   -- implementation services to enable managerial processes and decision

      support information needs through an existing ERP or best-of-breed

      systems.



   For more information, contact:



   Chris Meyer

   macs Software NA, Inc.

   Summit Place, 3244 Washington Road

   Pittsburgh, PA 15317

   1-800-946-3160

 http://www.macssoft.com/



   Anton van der Merwe

   Alta Via Consulting, LLC

   2424 Caspian Drive

   Knoxville, TN 37932

   1-877.ALTA.VIA

   Or via email:  info@altavia.com







This release was issued through eReleases(TM). For more information, visit

http://www.ereleases.com/ .



CONTACT: Chris Meyer of macs Software NA, Inc., 1-800-946-3160; or Anton

van der Merwe of Alta Via Consulting, LLC, 1-877-ALTA-VIA or  info@altavia.com



Web site:  http://www.macssoft.com/

 http://www.altavia.com/



SOURCE macs Software NA, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





