aa,PR Newswire US,20050829,9:00,332427
                              746 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       August 29, 2005 Monday 1:00 PM GMT



Annual Report Wins Top Award in International Competition;

Recognized for Compelling Client Testimonials Highlighting Exceptional Service



LENGTH: 558 words



DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO Aug. 29





SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 29  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- First Republic Bank

(NYSE:FRC), a leading provider of full-service private banking, investment

management, brokerage and trust services, today announced that its 2004 Annual

Report was recognized as best in its class at The 19th Annual International ARC

Awards in New York -- the world's largest annual report competition.



First Republic's 2004 Annual Report won The Gold Award for Overall Annual Report

in the Regional Commercial Banks category.



Additionally, the Bank's annual report has been chosen as one of five finalists

for the Overall Presentation Special Size category.  Other finalists in this

category include General Motors and Alcoa.  The winner will be announced Sept.

8, 2005 in New York.



The ARC Awards were established by MerComm, Inc. in 1987 to recognize excellence

in annual reports.  The 2005 competition featured more than 1,800 entries from

companies in 24 countries. The awards are selected each year by an international

panel of judges.  More information about the ARC Awards is available at

http://www.mercommawards.com/ .



"First Republic's Annual Report represents our broader commitment to service

excellence," said Jim Herbert, Chief Executive Officer of First Republic Bank.

"Each year, our Annual Report seeks to accurately present our focus on providing

truly exceptional service to our clients. Our clients' willingness to attest to

the outstanding service they receive is a great honor for First Republic."



The Bank's 2004 Annual Report was 126 pages and contained more than 20 pages of

color photographs and testimonials from business leaders, celebrities and

individuals who bank with First Republic.



Howry Design Associates, a San Francisco design firm, and project management

consultant Paula Lucas created the award-winning report for First Republic.

Both have been working on the Bank's annual reports for the past 11 years.



First Republic has 30 full-service offices in California, New York City and Las

Vegas.  First Republic's investment advisory subsidiaries include Trainer

Wortham & Co., Froley, Revy Investment Co., and Starbuck-Tisdale & Associates.

First Republic Trust Company offers a wide range of investment management and

trust services.  First Republic Securities Company LLC, member NASD/SIPC, is a

securities broker-dealer that provides a wide range of investment products and

services.



About First Republic Bank



First Republic Bank is a private bank and wealth management firm.  The Bank and

its subsidiaries specialize in providing personalized, relationship-based wealth

management services, including private banking, private business banking,

investment management, trust, brokerage and real estate lending.  As of June 30,

2005, the Bank and its subsidiaries had total Bank assets and other managed

assets of $25.5 billion.  First Republic Bank provides access to its services

online and through preferred banking offices in seven major metropolitan areas:

San Francisco, Los Angeles, Orange County, San Diego, Santa Barbara, Las Vegas

and New York City.  More information is available on the Bank's web site at

http://www.firstrepublic.com/  .



CONTACT:  media, Greg Berardi of Blue Marlin Partners, +1-415-239-7826,

or  greg@bluemarlinpartners.com , for First Republic Bank



Web site:   http://www.firstrepublic.com/



SOURCE First Republic Bank



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





