aa,PR Newswire,20091106,9:00,332023
                              342 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      November 6, 2009 Friday 9:00 AM EST



MBDC to Exhibit and Discuss Cradle to Cradle(R) Certification Program at

Greenbuild 2009



LENGTH: 686 words



DATELINE: CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va., Nov. 6





CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va., Nov. 6 /PRNewswire/ -- MBDC (McDonough Braungart Design

Chemistry, LLC), a consultancy focused on helping clients implement the Cradle

to Cradle® design framework, will exhibit at booth #4519 at the US Green

Building Council's annual Greenbuild International Conference & Expo, held Nov.

11-13 in Phoenix, Ariz. The MBDC booth will feature samples of Cradle to Cradle

Certified(CM) products as well as detailed information on the certification

program, criteria and process.



Jay Bolus, Vice President of Technical Operations for MBDC, will also

participate in the panel "Greenwashed or Green...Single or Triple Bottom Line?"

where he will provide an overview of Cradle to Cradle® Certification and talk

about how clients of all sizes and across all industries can work with MBDC to

certify their products. The panel is scheduled for Thursday, November 12 at 8:30

AM and will be held in North 120 BC.



Some of the 90 clients that have worked with MBDC to achieve Cradle to Cradle

Certification for one or more of their products will also be exhibiting at the

Greenbuild Expo hall, including Alcoa, CENTRIA, Construction Specialties, Herman

Miller, Hycrete, IceStone, MechoShade Systems, Shaw Industries, Sloan Valve Co.

and Steelcase.



Cradle to Cradle Certification assesses products for their ingredients' human

and environmental health characteristics, their recyclability or compostability,

and manufacturing process - including renewable energy use, water stewardship

and social responsibility. The Cradle to Cradle framework, as developed by

architect William McDonough, chemist Michael Braungart and MBDC, is powering the

Next Industrial Revolution, in which products and services are modeled on

nature's material flows, eliminating the concept of waste and creating a healthy

and sustaining abundance.



"MBDC is dedicated to helping clients incorporate eco-effective design

strategies to meet the increasing expectations of designers, developers and

companies seeking product and material choices that are moving toward the Cradle

to Cradle ideal," said Bolus. "We're pleased to be a part of Greenbuild, an

event that has played a critical role in furthering the conversation about

moving our society toward a healthy, optimized future."



Through Greenbuild, the world's largest conference and expo dedicated to green

building, the Washington, D.C.-based US Green Building Council brings together

more than 25,000 people each year to advance the conversation about how we can

build a prosperous and sustainable future for our nation through cost-effective,

energy-efficient, water-saving green buildings.



About MBDC (McDonough Braungart Design Chemistry, LLC)



MBDC was founded in 1995 by internationally recognized architect/designer

William McDonough together with chemist Dr. Michael Braungart, as a strategic

environmental consulting and design firm, dedicated to revolutionizing the

design of products and services worldwide by applying the Cradle to Cradle(SM)

design framework to eliminate the concept of waste. McDonough and Braungart are

co-authors of the book Cradle to Cradle - Remaking the Way We Make Things,

published in 2002 by NorthPoint Press.



MBDC has two primary service offerings. Cradle to Cradle® Certification is an

eco-label for products that allows an organization to tangibly, credibly

demonstrate its achievements in eco-effective design, using a series of

environmental and social criteria. Cradle to Cradle® Consulting includes various

activities to help clients integrate the larger design framework and optimize

product life cycles, organizational operations and decision-making.



MBDC works with innovative clients within various sectors and industries, to

expand their definition and achievement of quality, spur creativity,

differentiate their brands and recognize their market leadership, attract and

retain customers, enhance competitive advantage, and reduce long-term risks.



Cradle to Cradle® is a trademark of MBDC. Cradle to Cradle Certified(CM) is a

certification mark of MBDC.



SOURCE MBDC







CONTACT:Alisa Weinstein, +1-415-308-5338, alisa@bluepractice.com, for MBDC



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





