
                              792 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                          November 24, 2004 Wednesday



Alcan, Alcoa, Government of the Republic of Guinea Sign Protocol for Alumina

Refinery in Guinea



LENGTH: 574 words



DATELINE: MONTREAL Nov. 24





MONTREAL, Nov. 24  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Alcan Inc. (NYSE, TSX: AL)

announced today that it has signed a protocol of negotiation with Alcoa World

Alumina LLC (Alcoa) and the Government of the Republic of Guinea (Government)

for the development of a 1.5 million tonne per year (mtpy) alumina refinery in

the west African nation. This protocol sets out the items and framework for the

alumina refinery project, which will be negotiated with the Government during

the upcoming months as part of the memorandum of understanding between the

parties, announced in May, 2004.



"Due to the significant quantity and high quality of the bauxite reserves,

Guinea represents an attractive location for an alumina refinery and a potential

value-maximizing growth opportunity for Alcan," said Michael Hanley, President

and Chief Executive Officer of Alcan Bauxite and Alumina. "In addition, the

long-standing involvement of Alcan and Alcoa in Compagnie des Bauxites de Guinee

(CBG) places us in a uniquely favorable position to develop such a project,"

added Mr. Hanley.



Alcan and Alcoa (through subsidiaries) each hold a 45 percent interest in Halco

(Mining) Inc. that in turn owns 51 percent of CBG, which currently mines bauxite

for export in the Boke region of the country. The Government holds the remaining

49 percent of CBG. Alcan and Alcoa intend to secure bauxite supplies to the

refinery from CBG, adding value to the enormous reserves that it holds in the

Boke region.



Based on the current development plan and timetable, a final investment decision

would be made following completion of a detailed feasibility study, within the

next twelve months. Therefore, alumina production could be expected by 2008. The

refinery, which would be operated by Alcoa, would be capable of expansion beyond

the initial 1.5 mtpy level. Alcan and Alcoa would market their respective

alumina off-take independently. The refinery would incorporate the latest

technology and world-class operating and management systems. Alcan and Alcoa

will continue to work closely with the Government on the roles and participation

of CBG and the Government in this new project; as well as, continue to have

discussions with the International Finance Corporation (IFC) concerning possible

investment in the project.



Alcan is a multinational, market-driven company and global leader in aluminum

and packaging, as well as aluminum recycling. With world-class operations in

primary aluminum, fabricated aluminum as well as flexible and specialty

packaging, aerospace applications, bauxite mining and alumina processing,

today's Alcan is well positioned to meet and exceed its customers' needs for

innovative solutions and service. Alcan employs 88,000 people and has operating

facilities in 58 countries and regions.



Statements made which describe the Company's intentions, expectations or

predictions may be "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of securities

laws. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty;

the Company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed or

implied in such forward-looking statements.



CONTACT: Media Contact, Montreal: Anik Michaud, +1-514-848-8151,

 Media.relations@alcan.com ; Investor Contact: Corey Copeland,

+1-514-848-8368,  Investor.relations@alcan.com ;

To request a free copy of this organization's annual report, please go to

 http://www.newswire.ca/  and click on reports@cnw.



SOURCE ALCAN INC.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





