
                              465 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      November 4, 2008 Tuesday 2:59 AM GMT



Dresser-Rand Names Ray Carney Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting

Officer



LENGTH: 837 words



DATELINE: HOUSTON, Texas Nov. 3





HOUSTON, Texas, Nov. 3 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Dresser-Rand Group Inc.

("Dresser-Rand")(NYSE:DRC), today announced that Ray Carney has been elected

Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer to succeed Lonnie

Arnett, who is retiring.



Carney joined Dresser-Rand in August 2008 as Corporate Controller, and has been

working with Lonnie Arnett, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting

Officer, to transition responsibilities. Carney was most recently with Alcoa,

Inc., where he was Group Controller for a $10 billion global division with 27

plants around the world and headquartered in New York City. Prior to his time

with Alcoa, he spent 13 years with Ernst & Young, a Big Four public accounting

firm, in their Pittsburgh office serving a variety of clients including several

that were publicly owned. Carney is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) with a

BS from Penn State University.



"We are pleased to announce Ray's promotion," said Mark Baldwin, Dresser-Rand's

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. "His extensive experience

in serving in key financial leadership positions during his career will be very

valuable as we continue to execute Dresser-Rand's strategic plan."



Mark Baldwin praised Arnett for his significant contributions to Dresser-Rand.

Baldwin commented that, "Since joining Dresser-Rand in 2005, Lonnie has done an

outstanding job of building and leading our accounting organization through the

Company's IPO, three subsequent secondary offerings, the elimination of our

material weaknesses and substantially improving our overall accounting controls

and professionalism." Baldwin went on to say that, "Ray's background makes him

well suited to continue the positive momentum Lonnie has created for our

organization."



About Dresser-Rand



Dresser-Rand is among the largest suppliers of rotating equipment solutions to

the worldwide oil, gas, petrochemical, and process industries. The Company

operates manufacturing facilities in the United States, France, Germany, United

Kingdom, Norway, China, and India, and maintains a network of 31 service and

support centers covering more than 140 countries.



This news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of

the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements

include, without limitation, the Company's plans, objectives, goals, strategies,

future events, future revenue, or performance, capital expenditures, financing

needs, plans, or intentions relating to acquisitions, business trends, executive

compensation, and other information that is not historical information. The

words "anticipates", "believes", "expects," "intends", and similar expressions

identify such forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes that

such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, these forward-looking

statements are subject to numerous factors, risks, and uncertainties that could

cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those

projected. These factors, risks and uncertainties include, among others, the

following: potential for material weaknesses in its internal controls; economic

or industry downturns; its inability to implement its business strategy to

increase aftermarket parts and services revenue; competition in its markets;

failure to complete or achieve the expected benefits from any future

acquisitions; economic, political, currency and other risks associated with

international sales and operations; fluctuations in currencies and volatility in

exchange rates; loss of senior management; environmental compliance costs and

liabilities; failure to maintain safety performance acceptable to its clients;

failure to negotiate new collective bargaining agreements; unexpected product

claims and regulations; infringement on its intellectual property or

infringement on others' intellectual property; difficulty in implementing an

information management system; and the Company's brand name may be confused with

others. These and other risks are discussed in greater detail in the Company's

filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission at http://www.sec.gov/ .

Actual results, performance, or achievements could differ materially from those

expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements. The Company can

give no assurances that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking

statements will occur or, if any of them does, what impact they will have on

results of operations and financial condition. The Company undertakes no

obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements, which may be made to

reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date made or to reflect the

occurrence of unanticipated events. For information about Dresser-Rand, go to

its website at http://www.dresser-rand.com/ .



DRC-FIN



CONTACT: Investor Contact: Blaise Derrico, Director Investor Relations,

+1-713-973-5497, for Dresser-Rand Group Inc.



Web Site:  http://www.dresser-rand.com/



SOURCE Dresser-Rand Group Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





