aa,PR Newswire,20100603,11:31,331989
                              308 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       June 3, 2010 Thursday 11:31 AM EST



IABC Cleveland Presents 15th Annual Vision Awards;

Celebrated guests include Communicator of the Year and Future Vision Award

scholarship recipient



LENGTH: 669 words



DATELINE: CLEVELAND, June 3





CLEVELAND, June 3 /PRNewswire/ -- The International Association of Business

Communicators Cleveland chapter recognized the best in Northeast Ohio

communication at yesterday's Vision Awards. The Vision Awards are the highest

honor awarded by the local chapter, and entrants undergo rigorous judging by

experts from around the country.



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20070517/IABCLOGO )



In addition, IABC Cleveland named its 2010 Communicator of the Year at today's

event. Kimberly St. John-Stevenson, Communications Officer at Saint Luke's

Foundation, gave the keynote address encouraging communicators to use their

talents to bring awareness to the stories that should be told, for the

betterment of our community. Loree Vick, senior public relations and media

adviser for University Hospitals, served as master of ceremonies.



The Vision Awards honor individuals and organizations for exceptional business

communication, with emphasis given to solid work plans, objectives, measurements

and results, along with the actual work project. This year's excellence winners

included:



Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland for "NOT YOU?" in the Communication Creative,

Special Project Design categoryFederal Reserve Bank of Cleveland for Drawing

Board in the Communication Creative, Electronic Communication categoryRoop &

Company for Building Championship Fields in the Communication Management,

Marketing/Client Communication categoryRoop & Company for Capturing Market

Opportunities: RPM 2009 Annual Report in the Communication Skills, Publications

categoryRoop & Company for Helping Ohio's Aerospace Community Soar: OAI 2009

Annual Report in the Communication Skills, Publications categoryRoop & Company

for The Power of Cleveland Thermal in the Communication Creative, Special

Project Design category



Entrants recognized for merit included:



Findley Davies, for Communication Management, Employee/Member CommunicationKent

State University, University Communication and Marketing, for University,

Publication DesignParker Hannifin, for Communication Skills, PublicationsTowers

Watson, for Communication Management, Benefits Communication



Honorable mention went to:



Alcoa Power and Propulsion, for Communication Skills, Electronic & Digital

CommunicationCleveland Metroparks, for Communication Skills, Social

MediaDominion East Ohio, for Communication Skills, Electronic & Digital

Communication Parker Hannifin, for Communication Creative, Publication

DesignTime Warner Cable, for Communication Creative, Electronic

CommunicationTime Warner Cable, for Communication Management, Marketing/Client

CommunicationTime Warner Cable, for Communication Management, Media

RelationsTowers Watson, for Communication Management, Employee/Member

Communication



IABC Cleveland also presented its fourth annual Future Vision Award scholarship

to an outstanding regional student working toward a career in communication.



John Carroll University sophomore communications major Jennifer Holton of

Westlake, Ohio won this year's award. The scholarship goes annually to a

Northeast Ohio college student showing talent and interest in a communications

career. Holton earned $2,000 toward junior year studies and a free one-year

membership to IABC. After graduation, Holton plans to pursue a career in

broadcast journalism. The scholarship is funded through proceeds raised during

the annual Vision Awards Raffle.



For more program details visit www.iabccleveland.com.



Medical Mutual of Ohio presented the event with support from PR Newswire and

Time Warner Cable.



Founded in 1970, The International Association of Business Communicators

provides a professional network of more than 15,200 business communication

professionals in more than 70 countries. The local Cleveland chapter includes

150 members who support the highest professional standards of communication and

drive innovation in the communication field.



SOURCE IABC Cleveland







CONTACT:Becky Casto, Public Relations Director, +1-216-472-2391,

bcasto@fallscommunications.com, for IABC Cleveland



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





