aa,PR Newswire,20090106,10:07,332134
                              453 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      January 6, 2009 Tuesday 3:07 PM GMT



N.C. Water Rights Committee Announces State Trust Concept;

Statewide Coalition Releases Document Outlining State Management, Ownership of

the Yadkin Hydroelectric Project



LENGTH: 562 words



DATELINE: STANLY COUNTY, N.C. Jan. 6





STANLY COUNTY, N.C., Jan. 6 /PRNewswire/ -- The N.C. Water Rights Committee (

http://www.ncwaterrights.org/ ) is announcing the release of the State Trust

Concept, a document that outlines how the State of North Carolina can establish

a Trust with respect to the ownership and management of the Yadkin Hydroelectric

Project on behalf of North Carolina citizens. This process will obtain and

secure the license issued by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) for

the Project currently held by Alcoa Power Generation, Inc. (Alcoa) through the

FERC's current relicensing process and other available legal means.



The State Trust Concept will honor most aspects of the Relicensing Settlement

Agreement (RSA) negotiated by public and private entities such as Alcoa in 2008,

including a comprehensive drought management plan (the "Low Inflow Protocol"),

water quality improvements for the Yadkin, and new and expanded public

recreation facilities. However, the Trust will provide more benefits to North

Carolina state residents than what the RSA and Alcoa have proposed, including:



Alcoa has applied for a 50-year license for the Yadkin Hydroelectric Project to

continue to operate dams at High Rock, Tuckertown, Narrows and Falls Reservoirs

along the Yadkin River. If it is granted, Alcoa will have exclusive water rights

to conduct hydroelectric operations on the upper Yadkin for 50 years, and the

opportunity to make millions in profits selling that electricity with little

return for North Carolina, at it has been doing with the Project since its

previous licensing in 1958.



However, if the Trust is adopted by State and federal officials now reviewing

the license for the Project, the people of North Carolina would once again be in

control of their water as the Trust would be answerable to the citizens. The

Trust will cooperate fully with the Governor on any and all drought emergencies

throughout the State of North Carolina as well.



The full text of the State Trust Concept can be accessed at the N.C. Water

Rights Web site at: http://www.ncwaterrights.org/Info/Info005.aspx .



Quotes:



"The State Trust Concept goes far beyond anything Alcoa has proposed for the

Yadkin Hydroelectric Project," said Keith Crisco, president of the N.C. Water

Rights Committee. "We believe it explains clearly our goals for what the Project

should become over the next 50 years, and how ambitious we are in desiring

improvements for the Yadkin and its benefits for future generations. We want a

river that allows for safe drinking water, recreational opportunities and good

green jobs, and we can obtain these goals if the powers that be endorse this

Trust."



About N.C. Water Rights Committee:



The N.C. Water Rights Committee is a coalition of North Carolina businesses and

concerned citizens who have joined this statewide effort to inform citizens of

the critical issues and decisions concerning water rights that affect all North

Carolinians now and for many decades to come. For more information, visit

http://www.ncwaterrights.org/ .



  Media Contact:

  Michelle Wingate

  MMI Associates, Inc.

  (919) 233-6600

  michelle@mmimarketing.com





Contact: Michelle Wingate of MMI Associates, Inc., +1-919-233-6600,

 michelle@mmimarketing.com , for N.C. Water Rights Committee



Web site: http://www.ncwaterrights.org/

 http://www.ncwaterrights.org/Info/Info005.aspx



SOURCE N.C. Water Rights Committee



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





