aa,PR Newswire,20111228,9:30,331825
                              144 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                    December 28, 2011 Wednesday 9:30 AM EST



Zacks.com Featured Expert Kevin Matras Highlights: Dycom Industries, Inc., Sally

Beauty Holdings, Inc., Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc., Ultratech, Inc. and FEI

Company



LENGTH: 838 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, Dec. 28, 2011





Stocks in this week's article include: Dycom Industries, Inc. (NYSE: DY), Sally

Beauty Holdings, Inc. , Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc. (NYSE: RGR), Ultratech,

Inc. and FEI Company (NASDAQ: FEIC). Kevin Matras looks at Sales Growth and

Increasing Profit Margins; a powerful combination for big returns.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



Screen of the Week written by Kevin Matras of Zacks Investment Research:



This week I want to focus on Sales Growth and Profit Margins. While everybody

understands sales, margins might bring up a few question marks. And with

earnings season only about two weeks away (it officially kicks off on Jan. 9th

with Alcoa), now is the perfect time to look at this.



So let's start at the beginning: first and foremost, sales are THE most

important thing to a company. Everything else stems from that. Without sales,

there really wouldn't be anything else to analyze. And Sales Growth numbers show

you how that company is growing.



However, just because sales are increasing, doesn't always mean that profits are

increasing too. Sales at the expense of profits does not work. So paying

attention to Profit Margins is the next thing we're going to want to look at.



Margin is simply a ratio and the calculation is: Net Income divided by Sales



So if a company's margin is 15% for instance, that means its net income is 15

cents for every $1 dollar of sales it makes. But if a company's expenses are

growing faster than sales, this will reduce its margins.



In general, a company with increasing margins is becoming more profitable and is

better managed, i.e., its costs are under control.



So this earnings season, dig deeper into the numbers. Yes, look at their sales.

And of course, look at their earnings. But take a look at their profit margins

as well. Are they going up or down? In other words, are they making more on each

dollar of sales they make, or less? This is important stuff to know, and could

make the difference between investors buying a company's earnings announcement,

or selling it.



Parameters for this week's screen are...



For the rest of this Screen of the Week article, please visit Zacks.com at:

http://www.zacks.com/commentary/19780/



Sign up now for your free trial today and start picking better stocks

immediately. And with the backtesting feature, you can test your ideas to see

how you can improve your trading in both up markets and down markets. Don't wait

for the market to get better before you decide to do better. Start learning how

to be a better trader today: http://at.zacks.com/?id=111



Disclosure: Officers, directors and/or employees of Zacks Investment Research

may own or have sold short securities and/or hold long and/or short positions in

options that are mentioned in this material. An affiliated investment advisory

firm may own or have sold short securities and/or hold long and/or short

positions in options that are mentioned in this material.



About Screen of the Week



Zacks.com created the first and best screening system on the web earning the

distinction as the "#1 site for screening stocks" by Money Magazine. But

powerful screening tools is just the start. That is why Zacks created the Screen

of the Week to highlight profitable stock picking strategies that investors can

actively use. Each week, Zacks Profit from the Pros free email newsletter shares

a new screening strategy. Learn more about it here http://at.zacks.com/?id=112



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leonard Zacks. As a PhD in mathematics Len knew he could find patterns

in stock market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his

many accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system;

the Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1

margin. The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market

insights of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email

newsletter; Profit from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable

ideas GUARANTEED to be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to

Profit from the Pros http://at.zacks.com/?id=113



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/ZacksInvestmentResearch



Zacks Investment Research is under common control with affiliated entities

(including a broker-dealer and an investment adviser), which may engage in

transactions involving the foregoing securities for the clients of such

affiliates.



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Contact: Jim Giaquinto

Company: Zacks.com

Phone: 312-265-9268

Email: pr@zacks.com

Visit: www.Zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





