aa,PR Newswire US,20051017,17:04,332421
                              740 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      October 17, 2005 Monday 9:04 PM GMT



Emptoris Featured in Newly-Released Book: 'Straight to the Bottom Line';

Definitive Procurement Book Launch Supported by Book Signing at Emptoris' Annual

User Conference on October 18, 2005



LENGTH: 618 words



DATELINE: BURLINGTON, Mass. Oct. 17





BURLINGTON, Mass., Oct. 17  /PRNewswire/ -- Emptoris ( http://www.emptoris.com/

), the leading provider of Enterprise Supply Management solutions for Global

5000 companies, today announced that the company is profiled in "Straight to the

Bottom Line(TM)." Available now, the book examines strategies that enable

corporate executives to turn the enormous top-line and bottom-line potential of

supply chain and procurement into reality.  "Straight to the Bottom Line" is

authored by Robert A. Rudzki, President of Greybeard Advisors LLC, and former

Chief Procurement Officer of Bayer Corporation; Douglas A. Smock, Editorial

Director of GlobalCPO.com; Michael Katzorke, Vice President Supply Chain

management with Smiths Aerospace; and Shelley Stewart, Jr., Vice President of

Supply Chain at Tyco.



Based on the authors' collective experiences leading eight transformations, the

book has already received high praise from executives at Fortune 500 companies

such as Alcoa, Hewlett-Packard and Lucent Technologies and analysts from the

Aberdeen Group, the Hackett Group and The Institute for Supply Management (ISM).

The book's North American launch is being supported with a book signing at

Emptoris Empower 2005, the company's fourth annual user conference, on Tuesday,

October 18 in Boston (please visit  http://www.emptoris.com/bottomline  for more

details).



"'Straight to the Bottom Line' showcases the opportunity that procurement and

supply management offers to today's organization," said Rudzki, president of

Greybeard Advisors LLC and a member of Emptoris' Advisory Board. "This

opportunity is often not well understood, nor is the path to achieving it is

easy. With this book, we offer an in-depth look at the opportunities for

dramatic and sustainable bottom-line impact, and illustrate the leadership role

that senior executives need to play in implementing effective strategies."



A key component of "Straight to the Bottom Line" is the inclusion of real-world

examples for leading organizations that have implemented procurement and

sourcing strategies and the benefits they have achieved.  One such case study is

how GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), a $32 billion global pharmaceutical company,

implemented Emptoris' strategic enterprise supply management platform.

Leveraging Emptoris' solution, GSK has gained significant ROI while enhancing

its supplier relationships and improving the quality of both its supply base and

the goods and services sourced.



"Procurement is playing an increasingly important role in today's organization

as it drives profitability for companies," said Avner Schneur, CEO of Emptoris.

"By strategically managing procurement, companies can access the best quality

goods and services along with the right mix of suppliers in the most cost

efficient manner.  This book is an excellent resource for companies looking to

achieve this objective, and we are proud to have our customers' strong ROI

highlighted."



About Emptoris



Emptoris brings innovation to supply management, empowering enterprises to

realize the best value from their supply base and accelerate profitable growth.

Emptoris' solutions are used by Global 5000 companies in every industry.

Customers include American Express, Bank of America, Boeing, Dow Corning,

GlaxoSmithKline, Motorola, Owens Corning, Samsung America, and Toro.



  Contact:



    Paul Green

    Emptoris, Inc

    781-852-2817

 pgreen@emptoris.com



    Mary Frances Bishop

    Lois Paul & Partners

    781-782-5780

 MaryFrances_Bishop@lpp.com





CONTACT: Paul Green of Emptoris, Inc, +1-781-852-2817,

 pgreen@emptoris.com ; or Mary Frances Bishop of Lois Paul & Partners,

+1-781-782-5780,  MaryFrances_Bishop@lpp.com



Web site:   http://www.emptoris.com/



SOURCE Emptoris



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





