aa,PR Newswire US,20051031,14:12,332418
                              737 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      October 31, 2005 Monday 7:12 PM GMT



Newmont Announces Two New Board Members



LENGTH: 378 words



DATELINE: DENVER Oct. 31





DENVER, Oct. 31  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Newmont Mining Corporation (NYSE:NEM)

announced the appointments of Veronica Hagen and Noreen Doyle to the Newmont

Board of Directors.



Ms. Doyle brings a broad range of financial expertise to Newmont's Board of

Directors.  She was appointed the First Vice President of the European Bank for

Reconstruction and Development in 2001, where she was responsible for banking

operations in its twenty-seven countries.  Ms. Doyle currently sits on the Board

of Directors of Credit Suisse Group and has served as the chair of the Budapest

Bank Supervisory Board.  Prior to joining the EBRD, she had a long career in

investment banking, with an emphasis in the natural resources sector.  She holds

a Bachelor of Arts Degree from the College of Mount Saint Vincent and a Masters

of Business Administration from the Amos Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth

College, where she currently serves on its Board of Overseers.



Ms. Hagen brings extensive operations and global commodity market experience to

her role on the Newmont Board of Directors.  She was appointed President and CEO

of Sappi Fine Paper North America in 2004.  Prior to working for Sappi, she

served in various executive roles with Alcoa and Alumax, before its acquisition

by Alcoa.  She currently serves on the Board of Directors for Jacuzzi Brands,

Incorporated.  Ms. Hagen holds a Bachelor of Science in International Relations

from the University of Southern California.



Newmont is the world's largest gold producer with significant assets or

operations on five continents.  Headquartered in Denver, Colorado, Newmont

employs approximately 14,000 people worldwide and is committed to the highest

standards for environmental management, social responsibility, and health and

safety for its employees and neighboring communities.  In addition to the New

York Stock Exchange, Newmont trades on the Australian and Toronto stock

exchanges.  More information about the Company is available at

http://www.newmont.com/ .



CONTACT:  Investors, Randy Engel, +1-303-837-6033,

 randy.engel@newmont.com , or Media, Heatheryn Higgins, +1-303-837-5248,

 heatheryn.higgins@newmont.com , both of Newmont Mining Corporation



Web site:   http://www.newmont.com/



SOURCE Newmont Mining Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





