aa,PR Newswire,20051101,11:27,332416
                              735 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      November 1, 2005 Tuesday 4:27 PM GMT



Peabody Energy Acquires More Than 100 Million Tons of Reserves in Western

Kentucky



LENGTH: 387  words



DATELINE: ST. LOUIS Nov. 1





Peabody Energy today announced that a subsidiary has acquired more than 100

million tons of high Btu coal reserves and associated mining facilities from

Alcoa Fuels, Inc., a subsidiary of Alcoa Inc., in Union and Webster counties in

Kentucky.



The underground mineable reserves would be developed for the planned Dyson Creek

Mine, which would produce up to 4 million tons of Kentucky No. 9 coal per year.

Development timing will be dependent on market conditions. The transaction

includes the purchase of the Caseyville Dock on the Ohio River, in addition to

rail loading and other mining facilities. Alcoa Fuels, Inc. will receive a

percentage of the mine's production and production adjusted cash payments.



"This acquisition represents one of the best remaining blocks of ultra-high Btu

Illinois Basin coal with access to barge and rail transportation," said Gregory

H. Boyce, Peabody's President and Chief Executive Officer Elect. "We're seeing

strong demand for Illinois Basin coal thanks to investments in clean coal

technologies."



Peabody is the largest coal company in the Illinois Basin, which is expected to

experience strong growth over the next 10 years as existing coal-fueled

generating plants install billions of dollars of emission control equipment and

new plants are developed.



Peabody Energy (NYSE:BTU)is the world's largest private-sector coal company,

with 2004 sales of 227 million tons of coal and $3.6 billion in revenues. Its

coal products fuel more than 10 percent of all U.S. electricity and 3 percent of

worldwide electricity.



The use of the words "Peabody," "the company" and "our" relate to Peabody, our

subsidiaries and our majority owned affiliates. Certain statements in this press

release are forward looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation

Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve certain risks and uncertainties

that may cause actual results to differ materially from expectations as of the

date of this release. For detailed risk factors, please refer to the company's

filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. These factors are

difficult to accurately predict and may be beyond the control of the company.



  CONTACT:

  Beth Sutton

  (505) 287-2636





CONTACT: Beth Sutton of Peabody Energy, +1-505-287-2636



Web site: http://www.peabodyenergy.com/



SOURCE Peabody Energy



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





