aa,PR Newswire,20110331,15:51,331922
                              241 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      March 31, 2011 Thursday 3:51 PM EST



Stayhealthy® Broadens Health and Wellness Offerings With Increased Emphasis on

Its HealthCenter Health Kiosk Division;

Self-service, biometric screening device promises to be powerful agent for

change in empowering people and reducing healthcare costs



LENGTH: 845 words



DATELINE: MONROVIA, Calif., March 31, 2011





MONROVIA, Calif., March 31, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Stayhealthy, Inc., an

innovative, privately owned health solutions company in health and fitness

measurement, announced the formation of its HealthCenter Stayhealthy Solutions

Division.



The Stayhealthy HealthCenter, originally designed in the late 1990s in

conjunction with IBM, incorporates state-of-the-art biometric technology

representing a new standard of excellence in both retail and worksite-based,

self service, testing and data management capability. Coupled with the

Stayhealthy Total Body Composition Management System(TM), the HealthCenter is a

breakthrough in the measurement, tracking and reporting of overall health and

fitness levels.



The Stayhealthy HealthCenter and personal health management support system

provides enhanced means of accurately measuring blood pressure, weight, body

fat, temperature, vision, hearing and other biometrics many of which are key

risk factors in the onset of certain diseases.



Joining the Stayhealthy HealthCenter team are former key members of Lifeclinic

International. These include Steve Halperin, Mike Cavotta, David Read and Stacy

Yarshen. Brian Baum, currently a Stayhealthy executive, will assume the role of

President of the new division.



Steve Halperin has been in the health information business since 2004. He brings

with him a wealth of experience in technology, operations, finance and marketing

in a variety of industries. After helping to develop the health station and data

model for Lifeclinic, he managed the non-retail business line. Steve is a

graduate of Cornell and Johns Hopkins Universities.



Mike Cavotta has over 35 years experience in system design and marketing of high

tech products and services, particularly interactive monitors. A graduate of

Ohio State University's College of Engineering, Mike held management positions

at Alcoa, ADP and CompuServe before founding Performance Concepts, an innovative

leader in interactive technologies which became the technology platform behind

Lifeclinic International's interactive health stations.



David Read worked for Lifeclinic and a predecessor company, CardioTech

International, since 1989. During that time, he worked with all of the nation's

premier pharmacy retailers, the U.S. Government and many Fortune 500 companies

to help develop and implement patient and employee health screening, education

and data management programs. David has a degree in business from the University

of Maryland.



Stacy Yarshen started with a Lifeclinic predecessor, Performance Concepts, in

1991 and has experience in kiosk manufacturing, software interface design, back

end systems monitoring and communications, customer service and account

management. She also owned a wellness company and provided on-site wellness

services for six years before rejoining the Lifeclinic team in 2009.



John Collins, CEO of Stayhealthy, Inc. explained, "What is unique in the

Stayhealthy HealthCenter approach goes beyond the kiosk hardware. Anyone can

make a blood pressure machine or health station. It's the science and research

behind the solution, and our bundling of both the hardware and software

technologies into a HIPAA and ADA-compliant, Web-enabled and user friendly total

wellness management system that is unique. This is what the average consumer is

looking for in today's consumer-driven healthcare environment."



"Using our HealthCenters at their worksites or local pharmacy, individuals can

set goals, view results, and monitor their progress over time via a

personalized, secure personal health record. Wellness coaches or pharmacists can

review results across an entire workforce or individually," said Collins. The

total system provided by Stayhealthy drives consumer traffic, conveniently ties

into other programs such as affinity programs and creates a health community

where people live, work, play and shop.



About Stayhealthy



Stayhealthy, Inc., based in Monrovia, CA, is a privately owned health solutions

company committed to changing the way the world measures health and fitness. At

the core of the Stayhealthy solution is its advanced web-enabled, clinically

researched technology for accurately and consistently measuring individual body

composition. Developed over fifteen years of research and clinical validation,

Stayhealthy technology links to its revolutionary activity monitor to bring a

complete solution to individuals attempting to proactively manage their health.

The Stayhealthy Total Body Composition Management System(TM) allows individuals

to understand their health status, set goals for improvement and monitor

progress. For program sponsors, the Stayhealthy system provides comprehensive

reporting at a population level so overall program performance and progress can

be monitored and adjusted as necessary. Stayhealthy solutions are ushering in a

new era of proactive, self-service health management at the consumer level. More

information is available at www.stayhealthy.com.



SOURCE Stayhealthy, Inc.







CONTACT:David Read of Stayhealthy, Inc., +1-301-442-4744,

David.read@stayhealthysolutions.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





