aa,PR Newswire,20120327,9:00,331795
                              114 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       March 27, 2012 Tuesday 9:00 AM EST



BTS Precision Mfg. Introduces Precision Machined Magnetic Bottle Inverter for

Procomac Filling Machines



LENGTH: 498 words



DATELINE: KEMP, Texas, March 27, 2012





BTS Precision Manufacturing has introduced the BTS01677 Magnetic Bottle Inverter

for Procomac bottling machinery featuring magnetic operation and precision

construction from premium materials. Designed to provide precise operation and

reliable bottle control, this bottle inverter is machined to exacting tolerances

from high grade materials using state of the art computer aided processes to

provide superior performance and longevity.



(Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120327/DA76956)



The BTS01677 Magnetic Bottle Inverter for Procomac bottling machinery is a

direct aftermarket replacement for standard OEM bottle inverters and offers

improved operation and wear characteristics as well as positive and precise

bottle control during the sanitizing process. Manufactured from stainless steel

and high durability Delrin, these bottle inverters are designed to work with

Procomac bottling equipment and are a direct replacement for OEM inverters.

These bottle inverters are magnetically operated for positive control of the

bottle as it is positioned during the sanitizing process and then transferred

for filling. Using stainless steel and high durability Delrin for base

construction materials has allowed BTS to apply its high precision machining

process to their full potential to produce an inverter that offers reliable

performance and higher durability than standard replacement inverters. The

improved durability of these parts allows plant operators to improve production

by reducing downtimes and rejected finish products associated with worn and

inaccurate parts and the need to replace them. This improved durability provides

further benefits through less frequent parts replacements which can cause

increased operating and maintenance expenses. As well as these high performance

inverters, BTS also maintains a custom machining and prototyping capability that

allows them to produce parts for a wide range of product handling machines and

equipment in addition to Procomac machinery.



"The BTS01677 bottle inverter uses magnets instead of a spring to create the

bottle neck tension," said Gerald Bradley with BTS Manufacturing.

"Fundamentally, the inverted magnetic polarity approach eliminates problems

caused by failing springs. This results in greater up-time and fewer problems

that could impair bottling line throughput."



BTS Precision Manufacturing has been producing high quality parts for the

bottling and packaging machine industry for over 40 years. BTS uses the latest

in computer aided machining processes and proprietary manufacturing processes to

produce parts that exceed standard requirements. BTS produces parts for

Procomac, Krones, Alcoa, Arol, Zalkin, and Ocme bottling, filling, and capping

equipment as well as most other brands and can custom machine or prototype parts

according to customer requirements. BTS precision manufacturing can be contacted

by calling 1-903-498-7501 or emailing them at sales@btsmfg.com



SOURCE BTS Precision Manufacturing



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





