aa,PR Newswire US,20070417,9:00,332289
                              608 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       April 17, 2007 Tuesday 1:00 PM GMT



Vinimaya CEO Gary Hare Named 2007 'Pro to Know' & 'Indirect Spend Guru' by

Supply & Demand Chain Executive Magazine



LENGTH: 845 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK and SHELTON, Conn. April 17





NEW YORK and SHELTON, Conn., April 17  /PRNewswire/ -- For the second year in a

row, Gary Hare, President and CEO of Vinimaya Inc., the fastest-growing provider

of supplier enablement solutions for e-procurement, has been named a "Provider

Pro to Know" by Supply & Demand Chain Executive Magazine.  The magazine also

named Hare as an "Indirect Spend Guru" for his innovation and thought leadership

in helping businesses by "promoting new ways to reign in the indirect purchasing

monster."



Supply & Demand Chain Executive Provider Pros to Know is a listing of executives

at supply chain solution and services providers who have made significant

contributions to elevating the status of Supply Chain. Their collective role as

"enablers" of transformation cannot be underestimated and is deserving of

recognition, according to the magazine.



Hare was recognized for his significant contributions in "helping improve the

strategic importance" of Indirect supply chain management and procurement in

reducing costs and increasing efficiencies throughout organizations. Hare, who

co-founded TPN Register, the world's first commercial supplier network dedicated

to Indirect and MRO e-procurement, and holds an U.S. Patent for a "Full Service

Secure Commercial Electronic Marketplace", has used his insider's view of the

challenges and limitations of supplier networks and processes like XML punchout

and EDI in developing "next generation" supplier enablement solutions at

Vinimaya.



Vinimaya's flagship product is the patent-pending ViniSyndicate Catalog

Integration System(TM). ViniSyndicate uses distributed Internet search

technology in place of centralized catalog databases and XML punchout

connections to allow e-procurement system users to search, browse and create

shopping carts using content directly from suppliers' web sites and online

catalogs.  This approach simplifies, speeds up and significantly lowers the cost

of catalog enablement for both buyers and suppliers. ViniSyndicate also

addresses one of the most significant eProcurement challenges - user adoption -

by providing single user interface access to all catalogs concurrently, both

online and stored, providing functionality like cross-supplier (e.g., federated)

search, item compare and saved carts, which is not supported by today's supplier

networks nor XML punchout.



ViniSyndicate is compatible with all leading e-procurement systems such as Ariba

Buyer, Oracle iProcurement, PeopleSoft Enterprise eProcurement and SAP EBP among

others. Complementing ViniSyndicate is Vinimaya's EasyOrder(TM), their Internet

EDI offering, and EasyPortal(TM), their standalone OnDemand ePurchasing

offering, which combines the capabilities of ViniSyndicate and EasyOrder for

companies without an eProcurement system, or those using a P- Card. Vinimaya

also offers a full range of catalog, transactions and portal solutions for

suppliers.



Vinimaya counts among its clients many leading Fortune Global 500 companies,

including Alcoa, Sunoco and 3M among others.



"This year's Provider Pros to Know have shown themselves to be thought- leaders

in their respective supply chain segments," said Andrew K. Reese, editor of

Supply & Demand Chain Executive. "Their efforts in developing the tools and

processes necessary for supply chain transformation, and in promoting new

approaches to supply chain enablement, have earned them a place on this year's

Provider Pros listing."



"I'm proud to receive this award from Supply & Demand Chain Executive," said

Hare, "and applaud the magazine for their ongoing support and recognition of the

people and companies who are focused on bringing new ideas and innovative

solutions to the marketplace."



About Vinimaya



Vinimaya, Inc. is a privately held software solutions company that provides

Supplier Enablement Solutions for E-Procurement for both buyers and suppliers

based on the patent-pending Vinimaya Intelligent Agent Search (IAS)(TM) that are

100% compatible with e-procurement systems such as Ariba Buyer, SAP EBP, Oracle

iProcurement and PeopleSoft Enterprise eProcurement among others.  Visit

http://www.vinimaya.com/  or call (203) 926-1768.



"Vinimaya", "ViniSyndicate", "ViniSyndicate Catalog Integration System",

"ViniSyndicate Supplier Integration System", "EasyOrder", "Vinimaya Supplier

Solutions", "Vinimaya Buyer Solutions" and "Intelligent Agent Search" are

registered trademarks of Vinimaya, Inc. All other product and company names

listed may be the trademarks of their respective owners.



About Supply & Demand Chain Executive



Supply & Demand Chain Executive is the executive's user manual for successful

supply and demand chain transformation, utilizing hard-hitting analysis,

viewpoints and unbiased case studies to steer executives and supply management

professionals through the complicated, yet critical, world of supply and demand

chain enablement to gain competitive advantage.  http://www.sdcexec.com/ .



CONTACT:  Leonard Lee of Vinimaya, Inc., +1-612-670-3445, or

 llee@vinimaya.com



Web site:   http://www.vinimaya.com/

 http://www.sdcexec.com/



SOURCE Vinimaya, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





