aa,U.S. Newswire,20070301,15:22,332308
                              627 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                       March 1, 2007 Thursday 3:22 PM EST



Energy Curtailment Specialists Continues Expansion Into California, Joins

Industry Trade Group



SECTION: STATE EDITORS



LENGTH: 760 words



DATELINE: SACRAMENTO, Calif.,  March 1





ECS recently launched "Cut Back California," a demand response program exclusive

to California businesses that pays larger electric users to reduce use when

demand for electricity is forecasted to meet or exceed supply.



CMTA is supportive of ECS' mission and its tailored approach to reducing

electricity demand.



"For years we've been advocating for demand response programs to allow customers

to customize a demand response program that is consistent with their business

operations and ability to shift load," said Dorothy Rothrock, senior vice

president of government relations at CMTA. "We encourage all of our members to

look at demand response programs, such as Cut Back California, to reduce their

energy costs and improve the reliability of the grid."



Cut Back California is unique among demand response programs because it offers

generally higher payments, day-ahead notification, in-period commitment

flexibility and reliability-based, rather than price-based, calls for action.

These features make Cut Back California a more viable demand response option for

manufacturers. While this specific program is new to the area, it is part of a

well established demand response model that has existed in the northeast for

several years.



"Our expertise is in the manufacturing niche, although we welcome other types of

facilities into our program as well. We have had the honor of advising large,

small and specialized industrials like Alcoa, Constellation Brands' Centerra

Wine Company, and Steinway Piano," said Glen Smith, president and chief

executive officer of ECS.



Manufacturers, historically, were not as active as commercial properties in

pursuing these programs since most programs had set the notification minimum to

only 30 minutes prior to an event, a condition that limited participation to

facilities that could exercise an energy management system or whose greatest

load was comprised of equipment less critical to daily operations, such as

lighting or air conditioning.



Most of California's programs are price-based, calling participants into action

every time the market reaches a certain dollar threshold. The frequency with

which these programs were called into action in the past was overwhelming for

industrial customers, for whom large load reductions typically require a cut in

production. Cut Back California is different because it is reliability- based,

called into effect only as a last resort to prevent grid collapse when demand is

expected to reach or surpass supply, and not just when prices are high.



Cut Back California also allows participants to flex their commitment to

accommodate months in which they are capable of more or less reduction of

electric use.



ECS has begun educating business and trade groups statewide about the advantages

Cut Back California offers to participants and the benefits demand response has

in helping to avoid blackouts. ECS has also been conversing with individual

companies to gain feedback on Cut Back California's features.



"In speaking with manufacturers all over California, they've told me that our

program's offerings are unmatched. We are very excited to present California

manufacturers with a program that addresses their needs, as they have the

largest electric loads, and have historically been left out of the existing

demand response model here," said Paul Tyno, vice president of business

development at ECS.



Energy Curtailment Specialists is the largest full service demand response

company in the United States, with a current focus in California, New York and

New England. ECS recently launched Cut Back California, a demand response

program exclusive to California businesses. ECS has an aggregate curtailment

pool of 500 megawatts, more than enough electricity to power all the homes in

San Francisco, and a total peak load of 1,900 megawatts. For more information,

visit www.ecscal.com or call 877-327-0032.



California Manufacturers and Technology Association works to improve and

preserve a strong business climate for California's 30,000 manufacturers,

processors and technology based companies. For more than 85 years, CMTA has

worked with state government to develop balanced laws, regulations and policies

that stimulate economic growth and create new jobs while safeguarding the

state's environmental resources. For more information call 916-441-5420 or visit

www.cmta.net.



SOURCE Energy Curtailment Specialists







Contact: Julie Bevilacqua, Communications Director, ECS, +1-877-327-0023 x224,

jmbev@ecsny.com; Gino DiCaro, VP, Communications, CMTA, +1-916-498-3347,

gdicaro@cmta.net



LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





