aa,PR Newswire,20100729,9:31,331978
                              297 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       July 29, 2010 Thursday 9:31 AM EST



Critical Alerts for Microsoft, Alcoa, Bank of New York Mellon, Bunge, and Forest

Laboratories Released by Seven Summits Research



LENGTH: 453 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, July 29





CHICAGO, July 29 /PRNewswire/ -- Seven Summits Research issues critical

PriceWatch Alerts for MSFT, AA, BK, BG, and FRX.



To see what our analysts have discovered about these stocks read the Seven

Summits Strategic Investments' PriceWatch Alerts at

http://www.iotogo.com/s/072910A (Note: You may have to copy this link into your

browser then press the [ENTER] key.)



Today's PriceWatch Alerts cover the following stocks: Microsoft Corporation

(Nasdaq: MSFT), Alcoa, Inc. (NYSE: AA), The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation

(NYSE: BK), Bunge Ltd. (NYSE: BG), and Forest Laboratories Inc. (NYSE: FRX).



In today's unsure markets these brief PriceWatch Alerts contain concise detailed

strategies for each covered stock and include position protection tactics

designed to potentially defend investors from unexpected market shifts. While

other market reports only provide stock news and opinion, we offer strategies

that position investments against uncertainty and increase chances of making a

profit, even if a stock goes down.



"Our PriceWatch Alerts go beyond other market reports. Along with a brief

concise overview, each PriceWatch Alert provides useful strategies, which ensure

potential investments are protected with basic hedging techniques," says Reid

Stratton, Seven Summits Senior Analyst. "These brief company reports contain

information that can benefit expert and novice investors who want to stay ahead

of the market."



For essential information on stocks poised to move go to:



http://www.iotogo.com/s/072910A for Seven Summits Strategic Investments'

PriceWatch Alerts.



Seven Summits Investment Research is an independent investment research group,

which focuses on the U.S. equities and options markets. Our analytical tools,

screening techniques, rigorous research methods and committed staff provide

solid information to help our clients make the best possible investment

decisions. For more information go to www.SevenSummitsInvestmentResearch.com .

CRD# 137114



All stocks and options shown are examples only-- not recommendations to buy or

sell. Our picks do not represent a positive or negative outlook on any security.

Potential returns do not take into account your trade size, brokerage

commissions or taxes--expenses that will affect actual investment returns.

Stocks and options involve risk, thus they are not suitable for all investors.

Prior to buying or selling options, a person should request a copy of

Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options available from Catherine at

800-698-9101 or at http://www.cboe.com/Resources/Intro.aspx . Privacy policy

available upon request.



SOURCE Seven Summits Investment Research







CONTACT:Steve Blackbourniski of Seven Summits Investment Research,

+1-434-293-9100



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





