aa,U.S. Newswire,20070823,17:23,332255
                              574 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                      August 23, 2007 Thursday 5:23 PM EST



As Drought Conditions Intensify, Group Seeks to Protect Lake Levels



SECTION: BUSINESS EDITORS



LENGTH: 572 words



DATELINE: BADIN, N.C.,  Aug. 23





With drought conditions in the Yadkin Pee-Dee watershed continuing to intensify,

members of a bi- state Drought Management Team (DMT) Wednesday agreed to take

steps to protect reservoir levels, while maintaining some downstream flow, and

called for water conservation measures throughout the area.



During a drought-related conference call of the DMT, Alcoa-Yadkin said it would

ask the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) for permission to reduce

downstream flows in the Yadkin Pee-Dee watershed. The DMT, established as part

of the Yadkin Drought Contingency Plan after the drought in 2002, is comprised

of state regulatory agencies within North and South Carolina, U.S. Fish &

Wildlife Service, Alcoa-Yadkin, Progress Energy, Duke Energy, and the High Rock

Lake Association. The team agreed that the request is a pro-active step in

response to the continued dry conditions in North and South Carolina. The

majority of the Yadkin Pee-Dee watershed is currently listed as (D2) -- Severe

Drought, according to the North Carolina Drought Advisory Council.



The request asks that current downstream releases of 1400 cubic feet per second

(cfs) from the Alcoa-Yadkin Project be reduced to 900 cfs. Alcoa began reducing

its power generation in early May in anticipation of an extended drought.



"We believe it is prudent to take these steps in order to preserve water levels

in our lakes for as long as possible," said Marshall Olson, Alcoa-Yadkin

Environmental and Natural Resources Manager. "But we need everyone in the

watershed to help with that effort, and do their part to conserve water."



In addition, Alcoa-Yadkin will ask FERC for the ability to balance the water

levels between Narrows Reservoir (Badin Lake) and High Rock Reservoir so that

High Rock does not suffer the brunt of the drought conditions. The DMT also

called for a regional drought meeting to be held as soon as possible to pull

together all water users in the area to discuss ways to conserve water. The team

will hold weekly calls and/or meetings until conditions improve.



If drought conditions continue, by mid-September water levels at High Rock and

Badin Lakes are expected to be between 5 - 7 feet below full pool.



"It's hoped that FERC will act on the variance request within a matter of days,"

said Olson.



To minimize the drought's effect, the DMT encourages residents to conserve water

and follow any local water use restrictions.





    Water Conservation Tips



    -- Eliminate non-essential water usage

    -- Limit watering lawns

    -- Spend less time in the shower

    -- Use water-saving shower heads

    -- Re-use household water for watering plants

    -- Do not leave faucets running when brushing teeth or washing dishes

    -- Repair leaky faucets

    -- Use a broom instead of water to clean driveways

    -- Use commercial car washes that recycle water

    -- Limit the use of the dishwasher and washing machine by running full

       loads





About Alcoa-Yadkin



For nearly a century, Alcoa-Yadkin has operated four hydroelectric dams and

reservoirs along a 38-mile stretch of the Yadkin River as a source of economic,

environmentally-friendly power. The project includes four reservoirs - High

Rock, Tuckertown, Narrows (Badin Lake) and Falls - that offer a variety of

recreation opportunities and provide important habitat for plants, fish and

wildlife.



SOURCE Alcoa Power Generating







Contact: Marshall Olson of Alcoa-Yadkin, +1-704-422-5622, +1-704-796-5256



LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





