aa,PR Newswire,20080424,14:23,332202
                              521 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      April 24, 2008 Thursday 6:23 PM GMT



Wilmington Paints Brighter Future With Mural in Local Park



LENGTH: 527 words



DATELINE: LOS ANGELES April 24





LOS ANGELES, April 24 /PRNewswire/ -- On Saturday, April 26th volunteers from

ShareFest Community Development, the Cruces Public Safety Project, and

Wilmington Empowerment Project, will return to a local park at the corner of

Watson and O Street in Wilmington to paint a mural that is one more sign of a

neighborhood that is changing for the better.



(Photo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20080424/LATH535 )



Last summer, ShareFest began working, along with local organizations and the Los

Angeles Police Department, to organize efforts to revitalize this neighborhood.

That work will continue as a part of ShareFest's Annual Workday April 26th.

Several projects in the Wilmington area focusing on schools and parks will be a

part of the effort. Volunteers from local neighborhood organizations and

churches throughout the South Bay will work together making tangible

improvements to the parks and local schools.



"We are committed to working together with people of the Wilmington and Cruces

area to bring the resources available in the area and focus them on the work

that needs to be done," said Chad Mayer, Executive Director of ShareFest

Community Development. "Change takes time, we know that, and long term

relationships are a cornerstone of the vision at ShareFest."



The projects represent the next step in a process in the Wilmington area, and an

example of the work that will be done in more than 200 projects from Pico Union

to Wilmington and throughout the South Bay as a part of the 5th Annual ShareFest

Workday. But most importantly, they represent the commitment to building

relationships that will bring about real change.



ShareFest Community Development, Inc. is a non-profit public benefit

corporation. It is funded through donations, grants, volunteer hours and

sponsorships.



Community Sponsors; Mayor Antonio R. Villaraigosa, City of Los Angeles, Port of

Los Angeles, BNSF. Neighborhood Sponsors; Dobruck Designs, Carnegie Marketing,

Alcoa, Home Depot, San Pedro,TY Nursery, Virco, Colarossi Painting, West Basin

Water, Million Trees LA.



Supporting Sponsors; Coastal Interactive, Cuningham Group, Subway, Torrance &

Carson, Watson Land Company, Toyota, Wilmington Community Organization.

Partnering Sponsors; Alpine Door & Trim, Councilwoman Janice Hahn, Cornerstone

Construction Group, Chevron, Continental Development Corp., Eyedeal Interiors,

Valero, South Bay Gardens, Dunn Edwards, Conoco, Phillips, RE/MAX Watts &

Associates, Bennett Landscaping. Supporters; Harbor Freight, Wilmington Chamber

of Commerce.



ShareFest's vision is to unite the South Bay and meet the deepest needs within

the communities of southwestern Los Angeles County. Cities within this area

include El Segundo, Manhattan Beach, Hawthorne, Lawndale, Gardena, Carson,

Hermosa Beach, Redondo Beach, Torrance, Harbor City, Lomita and the communities

of the Palos Verdes Peninsula. For more information on how to donate or

volunteer visit http://www.sharefestinc.org/ or call 310-626-8106.



CONTACT: Joe McMahon, +1-310-714-9703,  jmcmahon3@prodigy.net , for

ShareFest Community Development, Inc.



Web site: http://www.sharefestinc.org/



SOURCE ShareFest Community Development, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





