aa,PR Newswire,20110802,9:00,331873
                              192 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       August 2, 2011 Tuesday 9:00 AM EST



ADP Secures Multi-Year Deal With Alcoa for Sales and Use Tax Solution



LENGTH: 535 words



DATELINE: ROSELAND, N.J., Aug. 2, 2011





ADP ®, a leading provider of human resource outsourcing, payroll services, tax

and compliance services, benefits administration and accounts payable solutions,

today announced that Alcoa has selected the ADP Taxware Enterprise Solutions

platform for its sales and use tax process.



Alcoa recognized ADP's expansive tax content, flexible tax engine and advanced

technology and accordingly selected ADP's Taxware Enterprise to supply the tax

calculations, rates and research services for Alcoa's U.S. operations. The

ability of the ADP Taxware Enterprise Solution to integrate with Alcoa's

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system was another important factor in the

decision.



"After extensive evaluation of the leading tax engine system providers, we

selected ADP Taxware Enterprise because it offers the considerable sales and use

tax functionality that is required for a company the size and complexity of

Alcoa," said Sue Zemba, Manager, State Taxes for Alcoa. "It has been a pleasure

working with ADP and we look forward to continuing the relationship throughout

the implementation process."



The ADP Taxware Enterprise Solution is a transaction tax calculation engine and

dashboard for multinational companies and is available as a hosted or

premise-based solution. It is supported by ADP's staff of tax attorneys and

researchers, which has a deep understanding of local tax requirements and

monitors more than 210 million tax rules and 13,000 rates in 250 countries and

territories. The engine offers pre-built integrations that enable ADP to

exchange data with a wide variety of accounting and ERP systems, including

Intuit, Oracle, Microsoft and SAP. The ADP Taxware Enterprise Solution is

recognized as a Certified Automated Solution by the Streamlined Sales Tax

Governing Board.



"Alcoa is a company with a long history of growth and a strong reputation in

fiscal management," said Kathy Amooi, Corporate Vice President and General

Manager, ADP Compliance and Payment Solutions. "ADP is pleased to provide our

Taxware Enterprise software and service offering as a value-added contribution

to the company's strategic efforts to achieve higher productivity and enhanced

cost containment."



For more information, please visit www.ADP.com.



About ADP



Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADP), with about $10 billion in

revenues and approximately 570,000 clients, is one of the world's largest

providers of business outsourcing solutions. Leveraging over 60 years of

experience, ADP offers a wide range of human resource, payroll, tax and benefits

administration solutions from a single source. ADP's easy-to-use solutions for

employers provide superior value to companies of all types and sizes. ADP is

also a leading provider of integrated computing solutions to auto, truck,

motorcycle, marine, recreational vehicle and heavy equipment dealers throughout

the world. For more information about ADP or to contact a local ADP sales

office, reach us at 1.800.225.5237 or visit the company's website at

www.ADP.com.



For more information, contact:



ADP Public Relations(973) 974-7612public_relations@adp.com



Jill Lewis, Weber Shandwick for ADP (952) 346-6279jlewis@webershandwick.com



SOURCE Automatic Data Processing, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





