aa,U.S. Newswire,20080403,13:44,332216
                              535 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                       April 3, 2008 Thursday 1:44 PM EST



Most Large Iowa Manufacturers Already Comply With Proposed Corporate Tax Reform

in Other States



SECTION: STATE EDITORS



LENGTH: 501 words





WASHINGTON, April 3, 2008 /U.S. Newswire/ -- Almost all major Iowa manufacturers

maintain facilities in other states that have adopted a corporate tax reform

measure known as "combined reporting" -- including several outspoken opponents

of Governor Culver's proposal to adopt combined reporting in Iowa, according to

the Washington, DC-based Center on Budget and Policy Priorities.



"Combined reporting" shuts down a variety of loopholes that major multistate

corporations use to avoid state corporate income taxes. Sixteen states have used

combined reporting for at least two decades and four more have adopted it in the

last four years.



Some Iowa corporations, such as Alcoa, suggest that combined reporting will

encourage companies to leave the state, due to increased tax liability and

compliance burdens. However, 31 of the 34 major manufacturers examined in a new

Center report already comply with combined reporting in at least one other state

or are a subsidiary of a corporation that has a facility in at least one

combined reporting state.



Two companies, Kraft Foods and Eaton Corporation, have facilities in all 20

states with the combined reporting tax reform in place. John Deere, Kraft,

Cargill, ADM and 3-M have long-maintained their headquarters in combined

reporting states.



"Cleary, closing corporate tax loopholes would not create an unmanageable burden

for Iowa manufacturers, given that so many of them already comply with combined

reporting in numerous other states," said Michael Mazerov, senior fellow with

the Center's State Fiscal Project and co-author of the report. "Claims that

combined reporting would drive manufacturers from Iowa or discourage

corporations from coming to the state ring hollow."



Evidence from other combined reporting states indicates that combined reporting

would not harm Iowa's economy, according to the report. Seven of the eight

states that experienced net growth in manufacturing jobs since 1990 -- Arizona,

Idaho, Kansas, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota and Utah -- had combined

reporting in effect.



"Combined reporting would level the playing field for Iowa's small businesses,"

said Mazerov. "Right now, most small companies can't take advantage of the

corporate income tax loopholes that large multistate corporations exploit,

leaving them at a disadvantage."



Combined reporting would also help Iowa maintain adequate resources for services

key to economic growth such as infrastructure, public safety, health care and

higher education.



The Center's report, "Almost All Large Iowa Manufacturers Are Already Subject To

'Combined Reporting' in Other States" is available at:

http://www.cbpp.org/4-3-08sfp.htm.



The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities is a nonprofit, nonpartisan research

organization and policy institute that conducts research and analysis on a range

of government policies and programs.



SOURCE Center on Budget and Policy Priorities







Contact: Shannon Spillane of the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities,

+1-202-408-1080, spillane@cbpp.org



LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





