aa,PR Newswire,20121024,9:32,331702
                              21 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     October 24, 2012 Wednesday 9:32 AM EST



The W. Edwards Deming Center for Quality, Productivity, and Competitiveness

Awards the Deming Cup to Terry J. Lundgren, Chairman, President, and CEO of

Macy's, Inc., and Ratan N. Tata, Chairman of Tata Sons Limited;

Annual award recognizes contributions to the field of operations made by leaders

in various industries



LENGTH: 975 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK, Oct. 24, 2012





 Columbia Business School's W. Edwards Deming Center for Quality, Productivity,

and Competitiveness announced the winners of the third annual Deming Cup. The

winners received the award at a dinner at Columbia University on October 23,

2012. The Deming Cup grew from the center's drive to highlight the achievements

of practitioners who adhere to and promote excellence in operations - the Deming

Center's area of focus. This award is given annually to an individual who has

made outstanding contributions in the area of operations and has established a

culture of continuous improvement within their respective organization.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120905/NY68578LOGO )



This year the Deming Center awarded the Cup to two recipients - Terry J.

Lundgren, Chairman, President, and CEO of Macy's, Inc., and Ratan N. Tata,

Chairman of Tata Sons Limited. Mr. Lundgren was recognized for effectively

navigating Macy's, Inc. through periods of profound change. This included nearly

doubling the size of the retailer through acquisitions and implementing a

fundamental reorganization of its operating structure. Mr. Tata was honored for

his instrumental role in transforming a family business from an Indian

conglomerate into a global organization.



Meyer Feldberg,  Professor and Dean Emeritus of Columbia Business School and

Senior Advisor of Morgan Stanley, who sits on Macy's board as an Independent

Director, explained how Terry Lundgren has instilled a culture of growth at

Macy's and has led the company to a level of consistent growth that places it

among the very best performers among nationwide retails. Kevin Burke, Chairman,

President, and CEO of Consolidated Edison Inc., also discussed how Mr. Lundgren

has taken a leadership role in the community through service to charitable,

business and industry organizations such as the National Retail Federation and

the Partnership for New York City. Both Professor Feldberg and Mr. Burke

introduced Terry Lundgren. "Mr. Lundgren is a role model for his company and the

industry, serving as a true leader in continuous improvement and operational

excellence - the Deming Center's area of focus," said Meyer Feldberg. "Under his

leadership and focus on the customer and dedication to innovation, talent

development, and operational excellence, Macy's has grown profitably in the

intensely competitive retail industry, even as the industry faced significant

challenges following the recent economic downturn."



Henry Kissinger, former Secretary of State of the United States, who introduced

Ratan Tata alongside Klaus Kleinfeld, Chairman and CEO, Alcoa Inc., pointed out

that Mr. Tata has successfully guided multiple companies, including Tata Motors

and Alcoa, to business excellence in both India and globally by leveraging the

principles of W. Edwards Deming. "Ratan is a rare kind of leader - just as he is

deeply committed to performance and operational excellence, he lives the

important values of integrity, respect, and continuous learning. All of these

qualities are rooted in everything Ratan does. This unique combination of

attributes is precisely what is needed in today's global business climate,"

added Klaus Kleinfeld.



Nelson M. Fraiman, Director, W. Edwards Deming Center, and Professor of

Professional Practice at Columbia Business School commented on the importance of

the award, "The Deming Center encourages operational excellence in organizations

through the development of research, strategic planning and new insights. This

year's recipients demonstrate how a commitment to operational excellence can

foster growth and elevate organizations to the highest levels of industry

leadership."



The Deming Cup's judging committee was led by co-chairs Robert M. Amen,

Executive in Residence at Columbia Business School, and Paul H. O'Neill, Former

Secretary of the U.S. Treasury. The committee received nominations through a

variety of channels - including ads in the Financial Times, solicitations to the

CEOs of the top 300 companies in the United States, Europe, Latin America, and

Asia. Requests were also directed to business and engineering school faculty

around the world, and to Columbia Business School's alumni and Board of

Overseers Committee. Nominations were received from April 1 through June 22,

2012.



About the W. Edwards Deming Center for Quality, Productivity, and

Competitiveness

The W. Edwards Deming Center for Quality, Productivity, and Competitiveness was

founded in 1990 during W. Edwards Deming's last year at Columbia. The center

promotes operational excellence in business through the development of research,

best practices, and strategic planning. The Deming Center sponsors applied

research; disseminates best practices; supports focused education and

professional development; reaches senior executives through forums, executive

education, and publications; and fosters partnerships with companies in the area

of operational excellence. For more information, visit

http://www.gsb.columbia.edu/deming .



About Columbia Business School

Led by Dean R. Glenn Hubbard, the Russell L. Carson Professor of Finance and

Economics, Columbia Business School is at the forefront of management education

for a rapidly changing world. The School's cutting-edge curriculum bridges

academic theory and practice, equipping students with an entrepreneurial mindset

to recognize and capture opportunity in a competitive business environment.

Beyond academic rigor and teaching excellence, the School offers programs that

are designed to give students practical experience making decisions in

real-world environments. The School offers MBA and Executive MBA (EMBA) degrees,

as well as non-degree Executive Education programs. For more information, visit

http://www.gsb.columbia.edu .



SOURCE Columbia Business School







CONTACT: Keshia Mark, +1-212-854-7120, klm74@columbia.edu



LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





