aa,PR Newswire,20100907,24:05,331974
                              293 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     September 7, 2010 Tuesday 12:05 PM EST



Pittsburgh Glass Works Takes Steps to Enhance Quality Systems; Names Corliss as

Director of Quality



LENGTH: 579 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH, Sept. 7





PITTSBURGH, Sept. 7 /PRNewswire/ -- Pittsburgh Glass Works (PGW) LLC, a world

leading supplier of automotive glass and services, announced today that the

company is taking proactive steps to enhance quality systems in order to meet

customer needs and continue to be a leader in the industry.



"As we continue to successfully deploy growth strategies and expand our customer

base, both in the automotive replacement glass and OEM sectors, it is critical

for us to continue to enhance our quality performance with our customers," said

Joseph D. Stas, executive vice president and chief operating officer, PGW.

"Operational excellence is more crucial today than ever due to increasing

customer demands, as well as fierce competitive challenges. We are taking new

steps to enhance our focus and to continue PGW's growth as a premier global

automotive glass organization."



To lead this enhanced focus on quality, PGW announced that Richard Corliss has

joined the company as director of quality. In this role, Corliss will assume

overall responsibility of PGW's global quality organization. His primary focus

will be collaborating with PGW's manufacturing and commercial teams to

proactively enhance the company's quality systems from end to end to meet PGW's

ever-increasing and diverse customer needs.



Corliss has 35 years of management, quality and operations leadership

experience. In his most current position with Tinnerman Palnut Engineered

Products, he was director, engineering & quality, and worked with plant managers

and local quality managers to root cause and countermeasure internal product and

processing challenges, as well as optimize quality opportunities as identified

through internal reviews and cooperative discussion with customers.



Corliss also had corporate accountability for ensuring new product launches were

managed successfully.



Prior to his position with Tinnerman, Corliss spent 30 years with Alcoa. His

last assignment was as manager, quality & technology, for Alcoa Wheel and Forged

Products. His many quality positions with Alcoa gave him significant lean

manufacturing, international accountability and process improvement experience.

This expertise, along with his management skills and problem-solving background,

provide a solid foundation for driving ongoing enhancement of PGW's quality

systems.



Corliss will report to Stas at PGW's global headquarters in Pittsburgh.



About Pittsburgh Glass Works



Pittsburgh Glass Works (PGW) supplies automotive OEM windshields, rear and side

windows, sunroofs and assemblies for auto and truck manufacturers, and it

supplies and distributes replacement automotive glass products for use in the

aftermarket. It also provides insurance claims services through its LYNX

Services subsidiary, glass management software and internet marketing services

through its GTS subsidiary, and e-business solutions through its GLAXIS

offering.



Automotive glass products are manufactured and fabricated in six North American

plants located in: Berea, Ky.; Creighton, Meadville and Tipton, Pa.; Crestline

Ohio; Evansville, Ind.; and a joint venture facility in Tepeji del Rio, Mexico.

In addition seven satellite parts assembly plants are located throughout North

America and Europe, and two LYNX Services claims management call centers in Ft.

Myers, Fla. and Paducah, Ky. For more information, visit, www.pgwglass.com.



SOURCE Pittsburgh Glass Works







CONTACT:Mukesh Rustagi of Pittsburgh Glass Works, +1-412-995-6482,

mrustagi@pgwglass.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





