aa,PR Newswire US,20060801,16:39,332361
                              680 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       August 1, 2006 Tuesday 8:39 PM GMT



'Operation Save New York' Program Stands Ready to Take 400 Megawatts off

Electric Grid;

Program Serves as Last Line of Defense to Maintain Power Grid in NY



LENGTH: 561 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK Aug. 1





NEW YORK, Aug. 1  /PRNewswire/ -- In the face of another extended heat wave and

record electricity demands, Energy Curtailment Specialists, Inc. (ECS) is

standing by to reduce over 400 MW from the state electric grid, should it

receive an emergency call from NYISO, which oversees the grid. ECS manages

Operation Save New York demand response program, and is the largest demand

response program administrator in New York State and the US, wielding 60% of the

state's demand response reserves.



"Our program members are the last line of defense when supplies are insufficient

to meet the demand out there. This represents tremendous satisfaction and

goodwill for these companies," said Glen Smith, president and CEO of ECS.



Members of Operation Save New York receive payments for standing by to reduce

electric usage during electric crises. A wide variety of facilities participate

in the program, ranging from the largest energy user in the U.S., Alcoa, to

small Catholic schools in Brooklyn. Hospitals, nursing homes, hotels,

manufacturers and other large electricity users join forces to help utilities

and NYISO re-stabilize the grid when the demands for electricity are anticipated

to meet or exceed the available supply.



"I think we all want to help out and do what we can to prevent any power

outages. We're just one manufacturing plant, but the kilowatts we reduce do make

a difference combined with all the others in the program," said Norman Gold,

vice president of Madelaine Chocolate Novelties, Inc. in Rockaway Beach, which

is a member of Operation Save New York.



Reducing usage of heavier equipment also prevents facilities from sustaining

damage that occurs when voltage fluctuates throughout utility control areas.

According to the National Electrician's Code, sensitive equipment can generally

handle up to a 5% voltage fluctuation. According to Con Edison's website, during

days of high electric demand over the past few years, they have reduced voltage

levels by 8% or more.



By reducing the demand, New York consumers across the board will pay much less

for their electricity than they would otherwise be exposed to. In terms of

energy savings to the public, Smith estimates that New York State consumers

saved nearly $60 million as a result of the energy reductions that took place by

Operation Save New York members in on July 18, when approximately 200 megawatts

of power was reduced from the grid, sufficient to power more than 200,000

typical homes. There is a total of more than 400 MW of load participating in

Operation Save New York across the state.



"In order to alleviate this problem in the short term, larger electricity users

are going to have to come to terms with the fact that they have to participate

in these programs. You are only talking about a few hours per year historically.

You are paid pretty well for what you do and in turn receive a great sense of

purpose as you are helping the community in avoiding blackouts and also avoiding

damage to your facility's equipment," said Smith.



  Contact:

    Julie Bevilacqua

    Dir. Communications & Client Relations

    Energy Curtailment Specialists

    716-570-7241

 jmbev@ecsny.com





CONTACT:  Julie Bevilacqua, Dir. Communications & Client Relations of

Energy Curtailment Specialists, +1-716-570-7241,  jmbev@ecsny.com



Web site:   http://www.ecsny.com/



SOURCE Energy Curtailment Specialists, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





