aa,PR Newswire,20120411,9:30,331783
                              102 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      April 11, 2012 Wednesday 9:30 AM EST



The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Alcoa, Google, J.P. Morgan, Wells Fargo and

Dell



LENGTH: 1244 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, April 11, 2012





Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day

the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting

stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include

Alcoa (NYSE: AA), Google , J.P. Morgan (NYSE: JPM), Wells Fargo and Dell Inc.

(Nasdaq: DELL).



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



Get the most recent insight from Zacks Equity Research with the free Profit from

the Pros newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5513



Here are highlights from Tuesday's Analyst Blog:



Market Looks Ahead to Earnings



With nothing major on the economic front, market action today will likely

reflect the loss of momentum following Friday's jobs surprise. But the overall

tone should be a lot less negative than what we encountered on Monday as market

participants look ahead to the start of the first quarter reporting season with

Alcoa's (NYSE: AA) after the close today.



The economic docket is relatively on the lighter side this week, with the Fed's

Beige Book on Wednesday, Trade Deficit on Thursday, and CPI on Friday as the

only major reports. Thursday's Jobless Claims data could be important, as it

will be the first labor market reading after Friday's non-farm payroll miss.



I don't envision any sharp moves in the market in the coming days, though an air

of tentativeness will likely prevail as the market sizes up the underlying

momentum in the labor market and the odds of further Fed action.



Worries about Spain's ability to control its deficit situation have revived

following last week's poor bond auction. This has helped reverse the downtrend

in the country's market interest rates, with benchmark government bond yields

reaching their highest level of the year. Italian bond yields have started

moving up in solidarity with Spain in recent days as well, though we must

concede that interest rates for both countries remain below late last year's

dangerous levels. The situation in Spain may not have reached the Greek levels

yet, but it is nevertheless a reminder to investors that Europe remains far from

settled.



Alcoa's results later today may not give us a good preview of first quarter

results for the corporate sector as a whole. But we will see Google's (Nasdaq:

GOOG) results on Thursday and J.P. Morgan and Wells Fargo's (NYSE: WFC) on

Friday. It will be interesting to see continuation of last quarter's trend of

positive trend in banks' loan portfolios. These specific reports aside, I don't

envision any major negative surprises coming out of this reporting season given

the fairly subdued expectations.



More so than growth rates and beats, the focus will be on guidance and outlook,

as expectations for the coming quarters have not come down as much as they have

for the first quarter. In fact, expectations for the first quarter are the

lowest of any quarter this year, with growth expected to improve in the back

half of the year.



While the domestic economic scene appears promising enough, it is far from clear

at this stage if it will prove to be enough to offset the unfavorable

developments in Europe and China.



Bottom line: while I don't expect any major negative surprises from the

reporting season, it may help in better anchoring expectations for the remainder

of the year. And those estimate revisions will most likely be to the downside.



DELL Expedites EMR Deployment



Dell Inc. (Nasdaq: DELL) announced that it is working closely with Mount Sinai

Hospital to implement an electronic medical record (EMR) system within the

hospital's information technology (IT) eco system. Dell's Clinical Service Desk

solution will mitigate complexities of EMR implementation at the hospital.

Financial details of the deal were not disclosed.



Dell's Clinical Service Desk is a new service dedicated to health care providers

and includes some customized features which differ from other Service Desk

solutions. For instance, the Clinical Service Desk solution offers a database

consisting of physicians with prior experience of handling the EMR system. These

experts can then assist health care organizations initializing EMR.



The health care industry has been using EMR solutions to digitize records,

thereby mitigating the use of paper and reducing administrative costs.



In 2010, Dell joined hands with San Francisco-based EMR solutions provider

Practice Fusion to offer a comprehensive package including hardware, software

and other online services to doctors at an affordable price. The partnership

combined Practice Fusion's Web-based EMR service with DELL's diversified health

care suite including desktop and laptop computers, specialized broadband

hardware, scanners and printers.



Dell now offers complete EMR solutions (including hardware and software) which

are quite popular among heath care service providers. Dell partnered with the

American Medical Association to provide EMR support to the latter. Reportedly,

71% of the hospitals in the States have adopted Dell's EMR solutions.



Moreover, the U.S. government's endeavor to expand the information technology

industry as a major player in health reform will help drive health care IT

spending over the coming years. We believe that DELL, with its strong position,

would be able to capitalize on the government's initiatives.



Want more from Zacks Equity Research? Subscribe to the free Profit from the Pros

newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5515.



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded stocks.

Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest

analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today:

http://at.zacks.com/?id=5517



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leon Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in stock

market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his many

accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system; the

Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1 margin.

The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market insights

of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit

from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to

be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros

at http://at.zacks.com/?id=5518.



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?re

f=ts



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Media ContactZacks Investment Research800-767-3771 ext. 9339support@zacks.com

http://www.zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





