
                              840 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                             March 23, 2004 Tuesday



Rofin Group Selects Solid Edge(R) From UGS PLM Solutions as Its Mainstream

Computer-Aided Design System;

Industrial Laser Manufacturer Cites Software's Ease of Use and Stability as Well

as Support and Expertise From Solid Edge Reseller PBU CAD-Systeme



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 1094 words



DATELINE: COLOGNE, Germany and PLANO, Texas March 23





UGS PLM Solutions, the product lifecycle management (PLM) subsidiary of EDS

(NYSE: EDS), today announced the Rofin Group in Germany has selected Solid

Edge(R) as its computer-aided design (CAD) system across five company sites.



The Rofin Group's initial order for 44 licenses of Solid Edge will be deployed

across each site. Additional implementation within Rofin and for company

subsidiaries in the United States and Europe is being considered. Rofin Group

evaluated and benchmarked four software packages across more than 70 specific

criteria before selecting Solid Edge.



"We were excited about the 3D modeling and 2D drafting functionality," said

Wolfgang Prem, manager for information technology and design at the Rofin Group.

"Also convincing was Solid Edge's ease of use and product stability."



In addition to evaluating CAD software packages, the Rofin Group also examined

the potential implementation partners and cited the quality of PBU CAD-Systeme,

a certified Solid Edge value-added reseller located in Aichach, Germany, as a

contributing factor in its selection.



"PBU CAD-Systeme was well prepared and showed us exactly what we needed to see

and contributed in a large part to our selection of Solid Edge," said Prem.



The Solution



Solid Edge (www.solidedge.com ) from UGS PLM Solutions is powerful 3D CAD

software that allows manufacturing companies to Design with Insight and achieve

competitive advantage through cost reduction, while increasing top line

revenues. The exclusive Solid Edge Insight technology embeds design management

capabilities directly within CAD, providing insight into design intent to the

entire organization and enhancing collaboration. Insight, complemented by Solid

Edge's superior core modeling and process workflows, greatly eases the design of

increasingly complex products required to meet continually changing market

demands. The extensive Solid Edge user community is comprised of designers at

thousands of companies worldwide, including Alcoa, NEC Engineering, and Volvo.

The Solid Edge Voyager Program includes 200 integrated engineering software

applications and computer hardware solutions.



About the Rofin Group



With operational headquarters in Plymouth, Michigan, and Hamburg, Germany,

Rofin-Sinar Technologies Inc. designs, develops, engineers and manufactures

laser sources and laser-based system solutions for a wide range of applications.

With production facilities in the United States, Germany, United Kingdom,

Singapore and Japan, Rofin-Sinar is one of the world's leading designers and

manufacturers of industrial lasers and currently has more than 16,000 laser

units installed worldwide serving more than 2,500 customers. Rofin-Sinar's

shares trade on the Nasdaq National Market System under the symbol RSTI and are

listed in Germany in the "Prime Standard" of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange under

ISIN US7750431022. Additional information is available on Rofin-Sinar's home

page: http://www.rofin.com .



About PBU CAD Systeme



PBU CAD-Systeme GmbH was founded in 1998. The company has continuously expanded

its presence in the German and Austrian marketplace. From company headquarters

in Aichach near Munich and with subsidiaries in Linz and Vienna the PBU team

today supports more than 250 customers in the computer aided product development

industry. With more than 1,400 installed software licenses in the area of

CAD-CAM-CAE-PDM PBU, CAD-Systeme is one or the most successful resellers for UGS

PLM Solutions and SmarTeam, ranking as Europe's third largest Solid Edge

reseller and among the top 10 resellers of SmarTeam.



About UGS PLM Solutions



UGS PLM Solutions, a leader in product data management, collaboration and

product design software and services with 42,000 clients and more than 2.8

million seats of technology operating in the market, is the product lifecycle

management (PLM) subsidiary of EDS. The company works collaboratively with its

clients to create solutions enabling them to transform their process of

innovation and thus begin to capture the promise of PLM. The integration of the

former operations of companies including Structural Dynamics Research

Corporation (SDRC), Engineering Animation Inc. (EAI) and UGS, UGS PLM Solutions

has created some of the leading design, collaboration and product data

management technologies that ultimately formed the foundation of the PLM

industry. Today, the company is a family of one, building on three decades of

leadership in continuing to be a pioneer in PLM. For more information on UGS PLM

Solutions products and services, visit www.ugsplm.com or www.eds.com .



About EDS



EDS, the world's most experienced outsourcing services company, delivers

superior returns to clients through its cost-effective, high-value services

model. EDS' core portfolio comprises information-technology and business process

outsourcing services, as well as information-technology transformation services.

EDS' two complementary, subsidiary businesses are A.T. Kearney, one of the

world's leading high-value management consultancies, and UGS PLM Solutions, a

leader in product data management, collaboration and product design software.

With 2003 revenue of $21.5 billion, EDS is ranked 87th on the Fortune 500. The

company's stock is traded on the New York and London stock exchanges. Learn more

at www.eds.com .



Note: Solid Edge is a registered trademark of UGS PLM Solutions Inc. or its

subsidiaries in the United States and in other countries. All other trademarks,

registered trademarks or service marks belong to their respective holders.



The statements in this news release that are not historical statements,

including statements regarding the amount of new contract values, are forward-

looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These

statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are

beyond EDS' control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from

such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see

EDS' most recent Form 10-Q. EDS disclaims any intention or obligation to update

or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new

information, future events or otherwise.



CONTACTS:

     Niels Gottsch - UGS PLM Solutions

     +49 (0)6103-20 65-364

     niels.goettsch@ugsplm.com



Mike Paludan - UGS PLM Solutions

     256-705-2544

     mike.paludan@ugsplm.com



SOURCE UGS PLM Solutions



CONTACT: Niels Gottsch, +49-0-6103-20-65-364, or niels.goettsch@ugsplm.com , or

Mike Paludan, +1-256-705-2544, or mike.paludan@ugsplm.com , both of UGS PLM

Solutions



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS AND TECHNOLOGY EDITORS



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





