aa,PR Newswire US,20061009,20:48,332352
                              671 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      October 9, 2006 Monday 12:48 PM GMT



Selectica Launches Online Contract Management Knowledge Center;

Selectica's Knowledge Center Offers Immediate Access to White Papers, Rich Media

Presentations, Analyst Reports and Self-Assessment Tools



LENGTH: 902 words



DATELINE: SAN JOSE, Calif. Oct. 9





SAN JOSE, Calif., Oct. 9  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Selectica (NASDAQ:SLTC), a

leading provider of configuration, sales execution and contract life-cycle

management solutions, today launched its Contract Life- Cycle Management

Knowledge Center.  The online center serves as rich repository of essential

resources for contract management professionals and features analyst reports,

white papers, blog and other third-party insights into the key issues driving

the contract management industry.



The diverse set of resources on Selectica's Contract Life-Cycle Management

Knowledge Center addresses key issues related to managing both procurement and

sales contracts, including best practices, challenges and strategies for

instituting the proper procedures, policies and technology that will enable

optimal contract management throughout the lifecycle.



"Regulatory issues, globalization, economics and a host of other factors are

forcing organizations of all types to rethink how they manage their contracts in

order to improve operational efficiencies, mitigate risk and ensure fiscal

accountability," said Terry Nicholson, COO of Contract Management Solutions,

Selectica.  "Our Knowledge Center offers a one-stop resource for professionals

looking for information critical to their contract management success."



The Knowledge Center blog, Sopkos's Dotted Line, is authored by Stephen Sopko,

CEO of Cedar Key Ventures, an Austin-based contract consulting company. Sopko is

a veteran of the contract management industry with nearly 20 years experience,

on both the procurement and sales sides of the profession.  He draws from his

experience working for Fortune 50, Fortune 500, the federal government, startups

and international contracting organizations to provide unique perspectives and

proven strategies for contract management excellence.



"It is exciting to be working with a software company that is committed both to

educating the marketplace it serves, as well as learning from the challenges

faced by contracts practitioners," said Sopko.  "Too many 'best practices' out

there today attempt to take solutions from one narrow discipline, and use them

to address challenges across a global profession.  I look forward to our forum

offering a platform for real contracts professionals to discuss scenarios and

creative, practical solutions."



Selectica's Contract Life-Cycle Management Knowledge Center is located at:

http://www.selectica.com/contracts/knowledge_center/



About Selectica, Inc.



Founded in 1996, Selectica (NASDAQ:SLTC) provides its customers with smart

technology that accelerates profitability by automating complex business

processes in the areas of sales execution and contract lifecycle management.

Available on-demand or as a fully customized installed software application, the

company's high-performance solutions provide a critical link between CRM and ERP

to accelerate sales configuration, eliminate order inaccuracies, ensure

compliance and limit risk exposure.



Selectica customers represent leaders in manufacturing, technology, healthcare

and telecommunications, including: ABB, Alcoa, Applied Bio Systems, Bell Canada,

Cisco, Dell, General Electric, Fireman's Fund Insurance Company, Hitachi,

International Paper, Juniper Networks, Rockwell Automation, Seton Hospital,

Tellabs, Time Warner, Triad Hospitals and 7-Eleven.  Selectica is headquartered

in San Jose, CA.  For more information, visit the company's Web site at

http://www.selectica.com/ .



  Investor Contact:    Tony Rossi, Financial Relations Board for Selectica

                        310-854-8317,  trossi@financialrelationsboard.com



   Media Contact:       Terri Douglas, Catapult PR-IR for Selectica

                        303-581-7760, ext. 18,  tdouglas@catapultpr-ir.com

                        Cell: 303-808-6820



   Forward Looking Statements





The statements contained in this release that are not purely historical are

forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities

and Exchange Act of 1934, including statements regarding Selectica's and its

customers' expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies regarding the

future and expectations regarding performance improvements or increases in sales

attributable to Selectica's existing and new products.  All forward-looking

statements included in this document are based upon information available to

Selectica as of the date hereof, and Selectica assumes no obligation to update

any such forward-looking statement. Actual results could differ materially from

current expectations.  Factors that could cause or contribute to such

differences include, but are not limited to, market and customer acceptance of

new products of Selectica including Fastraq, the contract management products

and the applications developed with joint venture partners, the success of the

ongoing restructuring of Selectica's operations, and other factors and risks

discussed in Selectica's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended

March 31, 2006 and in other reports filed by Selectica with the Securities and

Exchange Commission.



CONTACT:  Investors, Tony Rossi of Financial Relations Board,

+1-310-854-8317,  trossi@financialrelationsboard.com ; or Media, Terri Douglas

of Catapult PR-IR, +1-303-581-7760, ext. 18, or cell, +1-303-808-6820,

 tdouglas@catapultpr-ir.com , both for Selectica



Web site:   http://www.selectica.com/



SOURCE Selectica



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





