aa,PR Newswire US,20070122,18:25,332321
                              640 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      January 22, 2007 Monday 11:25 PM GMT



Evergreen Energy Applauds U.S. Climate Action Partnership Efforts to Address

Greenhouse Gas Emissions;

Company Shares Key Environmental and Economic Objectives of USCAP's Report and

Principles



LENGTH: 742 words



DATELINE: DENVER Jan. 22





DENVER, Jan. 22  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Evergreen Energy Inc. (NYSE:EEE), a

leader in providing cost effective solutions for coal-electricity energy and

environmental needs, today applauded the U.S. Climate Action Partnership (USCAP)

following the unveiling of the organization's principles and recommendations to

reduce greenhouse gas emissions.  Evergreen Energy uses a commercial proprietary

process to produce "refined coal" K-Fuel(R), that burns with greater energy

efficiency and lower emissions than raw, low-rank coal.



"The report issued today helps to define a shared set of goals to better meet

our nation's growing energy demands while also embracing greater environmental

stewardship," said Mark Sexton, chairman and CEO of Evergreen Energy.  "In

attempting to balance today's clean energy supply needs, we must recognize the

immediate economic and environmental opportunities available through

technological innovations.  It's more effective to avoid creating greenhouse

gases in the first place than to sequester them after they're made."



The USCAP is comprised of a cross section of leading business and environmental

organizations, including Alcoa, BP America, Caterpillar, Duke Energy, DuPont,

FPL Group, General Electric, Lehman Brothers, PG&E, PNM, Environmental Defense,

the Natural Resources Defense Council, the Pew Center on Global Climate Change,

and the World Resources Institute.  Core principles of the report issued today

include:



  *  Account for the global dimensions of climate change;

   *  Recognize the importance of technology;

   *  Be environmentally effective;

   *  Create economic opportunity and advantage;

   *  Be fair to sectors disproportionately impacted; and

   *  Recognize and encourage early action.







"Evergreen Energy's business model and refined coal product, K-Fuel(R), are

fully aligned with USCAP's principles and recommendations," said Sexton. "By

treating coal before it is burned, the K-Fuel(R) process increases energy

content and diminishes harmful pollutants."



The USCAP report, titled, A Call for Action, stated, "The cost-effective

deployment of existing technologies to improve energy efficiency and reduce GHG

emissions should be a priority, as it will yield emission reductions in the

near-term while new technologies are developed."



"We must understand that there is no single solution that will fully address the

challenges we face," added Sexton.  "We must therefore address important issues

such as global warming in context with the reality of today's existing energy

demands, supply and resources.  Evergreen Energy is a leader in this regard,

having already brought to market an innovative technology to make coal burn

cleaner with more efficiency.  In the process, we are helping the electric

generating industry meet the need for reductions of mercury and reductions of

emissions of carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides."



"Coal will remain a significant energy source for decades," added Dr. Patrick

Zimmerman, director of the Institute of Atmospheric Sciences in Rapid City, S.D.

Dr. Zimmerman also serves as chief executive officer of C-Lock Inc., a company

that focuses on developing methods to stimulate the private sector to take

action to slow down climate change.  "A key challenge is to maximize energy

production efficiency while minimizing carbon dioxide emissions.  The use of

K-fuel(R) will significantly contribute to that goal."



About Evergreen Energy Inc.



Evergreen Energy is leveraging a vertically integrated, coal-based platform to

deliver combined energy, environmental and economic solutions, producing

cleaner, efficient and affordable energy.  Evergreen Energy is meeting the

specific needs of vital industrial, international and public utility market

customers.  Our proprietary K-Fuel(R) process uses heat and pressure to

physically and chemically transform high moisture, low Btu coals into a more

energy efficient, lower emission fuel.  A co-benefit of the K-Fuel(R) process is

the removal of significant amounts of mercury and reductions in the emissions of

carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides.  Visit

http://www.evgenergy.com/  for more information.



CONTACT:  Analysts and Investors, Karli Anderson, Director, Investor

Relations, +1-303-293-2992; or Media and Public Affairs, Paul Jacobson, VP,

Corporate Communications, +1-303-293-2992, both of Evergreen Energy Inc.



Web site:   http://www.evgenergy.com/



SOURCE Evergreen Energy Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





