aa,PR Newswire,20080312,11:51,332221
                              540 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      March 12, 2008 Wednesday 3:51 PM GMT



The Latest Corporate Social Responsibility News - Taking the Pulse of Socially

Responsible Investing;

Diagnosis: Healthy, Growing



LENGTH: 624 words



DATELINE: SPRINGFIELD, Mass. March 12





SPRINGFIELD, Mass., March 12 /PRNewswire/ -- Every other year, the Social

Investment Forum (SIF) takes the pulse of socially responsible investing (SRI)

with its trends report. The diagnosis? A healthy heart rate fuels continuing

growth. From 2005 (when the report was last published) to 2007, SRI assets rose

more than 18 percent -- from $2.29 trillion to $2.71 trillion. In comparison,

the broader market of all investment assets under management practically stood

still, growing less than 3 percent. The report made waves, garnering coverage by

the Wall Street Journal, On Wall Street, GreenBiz, Pensions & Investments, and

Financial Planning.



Doctors usually advise patients to "stay active," and SRI has certainly done so

through shareholder activism -- with healthy results. Support for shareholder

resolutions on social and environmental issues reached a record high in 2007 of

15.4 percent on average, up from the 9.8 percent average two years earlier.



SRI shareholder activism extends beyond social and environmental issues

encompassing corporate governance, an area where social investors have been very

successful. Boston Common Asset Management helped define strategies for

addressing excessive executive compensation by engaging with Aflac, which became

the first company to provide shareholders "Say on Pay." Aflac's proxy ballot

this year contains an advisory vote on executive compensation, the result of

"open and constructive dialogue" with Boston Common dating back to 2006. Almost

a hundred other companies face resolutions this year asking them to implement

"Say on Pay" as Aflac has done.



In another indicator of health, SRI research firm Innovest Strategic Value

Advisors was named among the "Green 11," the "most eco-savvy corporations"

according to Conde Nast Portfolio. This on top of recognition of Innovest by

TBLI and Investment & Pensions Europe and the United Nations Environment

Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI). Interestingly, the "Green 11" contained

six other CSRwire members: Ceres, DuPont, Organic Valley, Starbucks, Wal-Mart,

and Whole Foods. Not bad.



This article was written by CSRwire contributor Bill Baue.



To read the latest corporate social responsibility news from LOHAS, Baxter,

Organic Valley, Alcoa, Reader's Digest and other leading socially responsible

organizations, visit http://www.csrwire.com/LastAlert.html .



About CSRwire's Weekly News Alert



CSRwire's free Weekly News Alert is a summary of the latest and most important

CSR news from the week, put into context with local and global news. The Alert

highlights noteworthy initiatives and informs the CSR and Social Responsible

Investing communities including professionals, analysts, academics activists,

and consumers.



Visit http://www.csrwire.com/news-alerts to subscribe to the CSRwire Weekly News

Alert.



About CSRwire.com



CSRwire ( http://www.csrwire.com/ ) is the leading source of corporate social

responsibility and sustainability news, reports and information. CSRwire members

are companies and NGOs, agencies and organizations interested in communicating

their corporate citizenship, sustainability, and socially responsible

initiatives to a global audience through CSRwire's syndication network and

Weekly News Alerts. CSRwire content covers issues of Diversity, Philanthropy,

Socially Responsible Investing (SRI), Environment, Human Rights, Workplace

Issues, Business Ethics, Community Development and Corporate Governance.



  For more information, please contact:

  Cindy Esposito

  CSRwire

  802-251-0110 x1109

  cindy@csrwire.com





CONTACT: Cindy Esposito of CSRwire, +1-802-251-0110, ext. 1109,

 cindy@csrwire.com



Web site: http://www.csrwire.com/

 http://www.csrwire.com/LastAlert.html

 http://www.csrwire.com/news-alerts



SOURCE CSRwire



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





