aa,PR Newswire US,20061010,10:00,332351
                              670 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      October 10, 2006 Tuesday 2:00 PM GMT



Lockheed Martin and Armor Holdings Announce Teaming Agreement for Joint Light

Tactical Vehicles



LENGTH: 478 words



DATELINE: OWEGO, N.Y. Oct. 10





OWEGO, N.Y., Oct. 10  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) and

Armor Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AH), are teaming to compete for the Joint Light

Tactical Vehicle (JLTV) program.  JLTV is intended to be the next generation in

light armored wheeled tactical vehicles for the armed services.



Lockheed Martin will serve as the prime contractor and systems integrator,

providing the vehicle design, net-centric capabilities and logistics. Armor

Holdings will primarily be responsible for vehicle assembly. Additionally, AHI

will lead the design and manufacture of the armor survivability subsystems.

Alcoa of Pittsburgh, PA, JWF Technologies of Johnstown, PA, and Axletech

International of Troy, MI will also provide key support to Lockheed Martin for

this opportunity.



"This teaming relationship will enhance our capability to provide superior

survivability and mission capability for the next generation of tactical wheeled

vehicles in the most cost effective manner," said Louis DeSantis, vice president

and general manager of Systems Solutions at Lockheed Martin Systems Integration

- Owego. "We look forward to providing our nation's warfighters with a

preeminent integrated vehicle solution."



In early February, Lockheed Martin was awarded a $9 million contract to build a

technology demonstration vehicle for the second phase of the U.S. Army's Future

Tactical Truck Systems (FTTS) Advanced Concept Technology Demonstration (ACTD).

The FTTS ACTD will help refine the requirements for the Joint Light Tactical

Vehicle.



Robert Mecredy, president of the Armor Holdings Aerospace & Defense Group

stated, "We are proud to team with Lockheed Martin on this critical program.

This teaming relationship underscores the strategic significance of our recent

acquisition of Stewart & Stevenson and demonstrates our ability to provide a

comprehensive solution for the development and production of the next generation

of military vehicles. Under Lockheed Martin's leadership, we are committed to

working with the entire team to meet the needs of our armed forces."



About Lockheed Martin



Headquartered in Bethesda, MD, Lockheed Martin employs about 140,000 people

worldwide and is principally engaged in the research, design, development,

manufacture, integration and sustainment of advanced technology systems,

products and services.



About Armor Holdings



Armor Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AH) is a diversified manufacturer of branded products

for the military, law enforcement, and personnel safety markets. Additional

information can be found at  http://www.armorholdings.com/ .



For additional information, visit our website:



http://www.lockheedmartin.com/



CONTACT: Kim Davidson, Lockheed Martin, +1-607-751-3200,

 kimberley.davidson@lmco.com ; Michael Fox, +1-203-682-8218,  mfox@icrinc.com



Web site:   http://www.lockheedmartin.com/

 http://www.armorholdings.com/



SOURCE Lockheed Martin



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





