aa,PR Newswire,20080115,12:59,332238
                              557 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      January 15, 2008 Tuesday 5:59 PM GMT



54 Organizations Take Action on Climate Change;

Founding Reporters are first to join The Climate Registry



LENGTH: 585 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON Jan. 15





WASHINGTON, Jan. 15 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Fifty-four corporations, state

and local governments, and other organizations stepped up to the plate and

achieved Founding Reporter status by being the first to join The Climate

Registry. The Climate Registry is a non-profit organization established to

measure and publicly report greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) in a common, accurate

and transparent manner consistent across industry sectors and borders. Thirty

nine U.S. states; five Canadian provinces; three Native American tribes; two

Mexican states; and the District of Columbia established The Climate Registry.



"These Founding Reporters courageously stepped forward to demonstrate exemplary

environmental leadership on a global scale by committing to participate in The

Climate Registry during its preliminary stages. We are deeply grateful for their

integral support of this critical initiative," said Gina McCarthy, Chair, of The

Climate Registry Board.



Founding Reporters have voluntarily committed to measure, independently verify,

and publicly report their greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions on an annual basis

utilizing The Climate Registry's General Reporting Protocol. The protocol is

based on the internationally recognized GHG measurement standards of the World

Resources Institute and World Business Council on Sustainable Development.



The following corporations and government entities stepped forward to be the

first to participate in The Climate Registry: Alcoa; Alliant Environmental, LLC;

Appliance Recycling Centers of America; Arizona Public Service Company; Austin

Energy; Bentley Prince Street; Cameron-Cole, LLC; City of Austin, Texas; City of

Roseville, California; City of Seattle, Washington; Cormetech, Inc; Coastal

Conservation League; Covanta Energy Corp; Duke Energy Corporation; Earth

Advantage, Inc; Ecos Consulting; EcoSecurities; ETC Group, LLC; First

Environment; Great River Energy; Innovative Bio-Technologies, LLC; Jacques

Whitford Limited; Kennecott Land Company; Kennecott Utah Copper; Kleinfelder,

Inc; Los Alamos National Lab; Minnesota Pollution Control Agency; MotivEarth,

LLC; National Grid; Newmont Nevada Energy Investment, LLC; PacifiCorp; PG&E; PPG

Industries, Inc; SAIC Environmental Consultants; Salt Lake City Corporation;

Salt Lake County, Utah; Shell Oil Company; South Carolina Department of Health &

Environmental Control; Salt River Project; SWCA; Symbiotic Engineering, LLC; The

City of Greenville, South Carolina; The City of Long Beach, California; The City

of Wilmington, Delaware; The North Carolina Department of Environment and

Natural Resources; The U.S. Postal Service; TRC Solutions, Inc; Trihydro

Corporation; Tropical Salvage, Inc.; USANA Health Sciences; Utah Department of

Environmental Quality; Wolverine Power Cooperative; Worldwide Carbon, Inc; Xcel

Energy.



Entities that join The Climate Registry before May 2008 receive Founding

Reporter status.



Incorporated March 2007 in Washington, DC, The Climate Registry provides

accurate and transparent measurement of GHG emissions and ensures consistency of

measurement metrics across industry sectors and borders. The Climate Registry

accounting infrastructure supports both voluntary and regulatory programs. For

more information please visit, http://www.theclimateregistry.org/ .



CONTACT: Nancy Whalen, +1-323-788-8400, nancy@climateregistry.org , or

Katharine Fatton, +1-213-891-1444, ext. 113, both of The Climate Registry



Web site:  http://www.theclimateregistry.org/



SOURCE The Climate Registry



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





