aa,PR Newswire,20120823,9:00,331735
                              54 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      August 23, 2012 Thursday 9:00 AM EST



Opportunities for the US Steel Industry



LENGTH: 401 words



DATELINE: LONDON, August 23, 2012





CRU North American Steel Conference

Chicago, USA, 29-30 October 2012



'The opportunities and challenges facing the US steel industry in 2013 and

beyond' opens the   North American Steel Conference , bringing together North

America's leading steel producers, consumers and service centres.



Confirmed speakers include a range of senior management from the steel industry

:



Guilherme Gerdau Johannpeter, President, Gerdau Long Steel North America Andy

Rose, Chief Financial Officer, Worthington Industries Mark L. Breckheimer,

President, Heavy Carbon Group, Kloeckner Metals Carl Parker, Senior Vice

President, Corporate Purchasing, Samuel, Son & Co., Ltd



The conference will cover topics including outlooks for steel (metallics,

finished steel, raw material), pricing and the economy - both domestically and

Internationally.



Other areas covered will include challenges and opportunities for small to

mid-sized distributers, how Shale gas will impact steel markets, OCTG and line

pipe, logistics and infrastructure, as well as a session focusing on the

automotive markets - with specialists from Arcelor Mittal, General Motors, the

Steel Market Development Institute, Alcoa and Toyota.



Dominic Halahan, Head of Metal Events for CRU Group commented "CRU's conference

delivers dependable forecasts to businesses involved in steel, scrap, bulk

materials and manufacture. Delegates manage sales and purchasing programmes for

the country's leading end-users, mills, service centres and mines making

networking opportunities engaging and mutually beneficial."



Register for the North American Steel Conference



http://www.nasteelconference.com



CRU is an independent business analysis, and consultancy group focused on the

mining, metals and fertilizer sectors. Founded in the late 1960s and still

privately owned to ensure its independence, the group employs more than 200

experts in London, Beijing, Mumbai, Santiago, Sydney and key centres within the

United States.



CRU's events team produce international conferences on core industries and

sectors that provide high-level networking opportunities - attracting executive

level speakers which guarantee that delegates are well informed on the global

changes affecting their industries.



CRU Indices are the most widely used steel prices in North America.



http://www.crugroup.com/





SOURCE CRU Group







CONTACT: For more information, please paul.chapman@crugroup.com or call

+44-20-7903-2236



LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





