aa,PR Newswire,20090728,18:05,332040
                              359 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       July 28, 2009 Tuesday 6:05 PM EST



N.C. House Committee Votes Against Government Takeover of Alcoa's Yadkin Project



LENGTH: 539 words



DATELINE: RALEIGH, N.C., July 28





RALEIGH, N.C., July 28 /PRNewswire/ -- A legislative bid to pursue a government

takeover of Alcoa's Yadkin Hydroelectric Project was thwarted by a N.C. House

committee today. The Water Resources and Infrastructure Committee voted 8-6

against allowing Senate Bill 967 to move forward.



"We applaud the committee for standing up for private property rights and voting

against an unprecedented government takeover that could have cost North Carolina

$500 million or more," said Gene Ellis, a spokesperson for Alcoa. "We remain

eager for a new license and look forward to implementing the many positive

benefits included in the Relicensing Settlement Agreement."



Under the terms of the relicensing agreement, Alcoa will:



Continue to improve water quality in the Yadkin RiverAllow for increased water

withdrawals by local municipalitiesBetter protect the water supply when drought

conditions are presentSet aside thousands of acres for long-term land

protectionCreate new parks, public swim areas and other recreation opportunities

Provide more stable lake levels and a consistent downstream flow of waterGive

homeowners more flexibility regarding shoreline development



FERC staff has already recommended issuing a new long-term license to Alcoa.



"We are gratified that the House took the time to carefully consider this

legislation and weigh the pros and cons. Once they did that, they voted their

conscience," said Larry Jones, president of the High Rock Lake Association.

Jones addressed the committee on behalf of more than 1,000 lakefront property

owners, including approximately 50 members who attended the committee meeting.



Since planting roots in North Carolina in 1915, Alcoa has been a strong

supporter of the local community. Together, Alcoa and Alcoa Foundation have

donated $3 million to support non-profit organizations to improve economic

development, education, recreation, public safety and more.



About The Yadkin Hydroelectric Project



The Yadkin Project is owned and operated by Alcoa Power Generating Inc. (APGI),

a subsidiary of Alcoa, Inc. For nearly a century, the company has operated four

hydroelectric dams and reservoirs along a 38-mile stretch of the Yadkin River as

a source of clean, renewable energy. The Yadkin Project includes four reservoirs

-- High Rock, Tuckertown, Narrows (Badin Lake) and Falls -- where North

Carolinians enjoy boating, fishing, camping and other recreational

opportunities.



The Yadkin Project, one of 22 privately-owned hydropower projects in North

Carolina, is licensed by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). The

Yadkin Project received a 50-year license in 1958, and APGI is currently seeking

a new long-term license. APGI began the relicensing process in 2002 and

developed a Relicensing Settlement Agreement that is widely supported by state

and federal agencies, local governments, environmental interest groups, local

homeowners and recreational users, business organizations and others.



Additional Background Information



Learn more about the Yadkin Hydroelectric Project at www.alcoafacts.com and

http://yadkinproject.blogspot.com.



SOURCE Alcoa







CONTACT:Robert Brown, +1-919-810-1901, robert@rbpr.com, or Joyce Fitzpatrick,

+1-919-247 4400, joyce@fitzpatrickcomm.com, both for Alcoa



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





