
                              789 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                            January 4, 2005 Tuesday



Ryerson Tull Completes Acquisition of Integris Metals



LENGTH: 599 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO Jan. 4





CHICAGO, Jan. 4  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Ryerson Tull, Inc. (NYSE:RT), today

announced the completion of the acquisition of Integris Metals, Inc., from its

shareholders, Alcoa Inc. (NYSE:AA) and BHP Billiton (NYSE:BBL). Ryerson Tull

purchased all of the equity interest in Integris for $410 million plus

assumption of approximately $234 million of Integris' debt.  To finance the

acquisition, Ryerson Tull tapped its new $1.1 billion revolving credit

agreement, which closed simultaneously with the acquisition.  Additionally, as

previously disclosed, the company completed the private placement of $175

million of convertible senior notes and $150 million of senior notes in the

fourth quarter of 2004, following the announcement of the definitive agreement

to purchase Integris Metals on October 26, 2004.



"Since the October announcement, integration teams from Ryerson Tull and

Integris have been identifying synergies and best practices from each of the two

companies, to be used by the new organization," stated Neil S. Novich, Chairman,

President, and CEO of Ryerson Tull.  "The new organizational structure is in

place, and we are more excited than ever about our ability to create a company

that brings unparalleled levels of service to customers and competitiveness to

the marketplace.  Additionally, with the new financings in place, we have

adequate liquidity -- with approximately $300 million available under our credit

facility -- and the financial flexibility to support our expanded organization

and corporate initiatives."



As previously stated, Ryerson Tull expects the acquisition to be immediately

accretive.  Additionally, the company plans to capture efficiencies and generate

annualized cost savings of at least $30 million, within the next 18 to 24

months.



Ryerson Tull, Inc. is North America's leading distributor and processor of

metals, with 2003 revenues of $2.2 billion.  The company services customers

through a network of service centers across the United States and in Canada,

Mexico, and India.  Integris Metals, Inc. is the fourth largest metals service

center in North America with leading market positions in aluminum and stainless

steel and 2003 revenues of $1.5 billion.



Business Risks: This press release contains statements that are not historical

facts and are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements

(generally identified by words or phrases indicating a projection or future

expectations, such as "anticipates", "is planning to", "estimates", "expects",

or "believes") are based on the company's current expectations, estimates,

assumptions, forecasts, and projections about the general economy, industry, and

company performance. These statements are not guarantees of future performance

and involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could result in

actual outcomes or results being materially different from those expressed or

forecast. Representative factors that may affect the company's performance

include the general economy and business conditions relating to metals-consuming

industries; sales volumes; pricing pressures; cost of purchased materials;

management's ability to integrate and achieve projected cost savings with the

acquisition of Integris; ability to maintain or increase market share and gross

profits; inventory management; market competition; industry and customer

consolidation; customer and supplier insolvencies; and labor relations.



CONTACT:  Terence R. Rogers, VP Finance and Treasurer of Ryerson Tull,

Inc., +1-773-788-3720



Web site:   http://www.ryersontull.com/



SOURCE Ryerson Tull, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





