aa,PR Newswire US,20061026,13:00,332342
                              661 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                     October 26, 2006 Thursday 5:00 PM GMT



Virginia Receives Nearly $1.5 Million to Fund Biotech and Advanced Manufacturing

Workforce Project;

- Virginia Biotechnology Association One of Eleven Winners of U.S. Department of

Labor Grant Nationwide -



LENGTH: 1391 words



DATELINE: SALEM, Va. Oct. 26





SALEM, Va., Oct. 26  /PRNewswire/ -- Senator George Allen, along with

representatives from the Virginia Biotechnology Association, the Virginia

Manufacturers Association, and the Training & Development Corporation, announced

today receipt of a significant grant from the U.S. Department of Labor.



The $1,494,369 grant awarded to the Virginia Biotechnology Association is part

of a total $16.8 million nationwide investment by the U.S. Department of Labor

for advanced manufacturing job training and economic development.  A total of

186 groups applied for funding through the President's High Growth Job Training

Initiative. Only 11 were selected to receive awards.  The project, which is the

only recipient in Virginia, will be co-led by the Virginia Biotechnology

Association, the Virginia Manufacturers Association and Training & Development

Corporation, and will create a new employer-validated certification system and

an innovative employer-designed training program for advanced manufacturing

technicians.



"We have been working with the biotech industry for some time to understand its

cutting-edge needs to develop talent," said Assistant Secretary of Labor for

Employment and Training Emily Stover DeRocco. "Our commitment to this project

will help provide workers with the credentials and skill sets that biotech and

advanced manufacturing companies are seeking to ensure high- tech clusters have

an educated and prepared workforce."



The private sector companies that are co-investing in the project include Alcoa,

Boehringer Ingelheim Chemicals, Eli Lilly, Honeywell, Merck, Micron

Technologies, Novozymes Biologicals, Corning, Philip Morris and Qimonda North

America.



"This initiative was developed by a design team comprised of top officials from

advanced manufacturers across the Commonwealth," said Mark A. Herzog, executive

director of the Virginia Biotechnology Association.  "These common skill

standards, certified by the employers, will be the basis for a new training

initiative that will expand the pool of qualified workers for the bioscience and

advanced manufacturing industry."



"Given the intensity of demand in our own company -- we expect to be hiring 100

people into these positions in the next five years -- the project is framed to

do two things we need urgently," said Cathy Martin, director of human resources

for Boehringer Ingelheim Chemicals.  "First, it will create an intensive

outreach, recruitment and screening process.  Second, it will develop a training

system for Virginia that targets precisely the skill sets my company and others

like it need in order to stay competitive."



The project will address a major problem facing Virginia's manufacturing sector.

"As many as 100,000 manufacturing employees are reaching retirement age in

Virginia in the next few years," said Brett A. Vassey, president and CEO of the

Virginia Manufacturers Association. "Employers are facing increasing challenges

in hiring sufficient numbers of qualified applicants for technical manufacturing

jobs that require strong backgrounds in math and science. Meeting this challenge

is a necessity for world-class manufacturing to compete in Virginia."



The proposal, which is intended as a competency-based and systemic solution to

the need for highly skilled manufacturing technicians, received strong,

bipartisan support from U.S. Senator George Allen, House of Delegates Majority

Leader H. Morgan Griffith, Delegate Kathy Byron, Virginia General Assembly

members, and Governor Tim Kaine.



"Many companies in Virginia's biotechnology sector have products that are well

along in the lengthy process of trials and regulatory approval," said U.S.

Senator George Allen.  "These companies are poised to move to the manufacturing

stage and this grant will go a long way toward creating the training programs to

provide the workers."



In his support for the grant, Governor Kaine said, "The project aims to create a

two-level 'Advanced Manufacturing Technician Certification' for entry-level and

next-step workers, and to prototype a new, employer-driven training design that

focuses on optimally defined content and accelerated delivery."



In addition to the employers, other key partners in the grant application

include MdBio (the Maryland biotechnology association), the Virginia Department

of Business Assistance, the Virginia Community College System, the Virginia

Career Education Foundation, and workforce investment boards for Richmond, the

Capital Area, and Northern Virginia. Training & Development Corporation will

provide design, technical assistance and project management services to the

initiative.



MdBio, the state association for the bioscience industry in Maryland, is also

one of the key supporters of the initiative. "One of the central points of this

project is that it is multi-state in scope and driven by the cutting edge needs

of our advanced manufacturing employers," said Herzog. "Individual employers

can't solve this issue alone and neither can communities in isolation.  It will

take results-driven collaborations that span regional and state boundaries to be

successful."



Novozymes Biologicals, one of the employers backing the initiative, faces

significant human resources challenges.  "We are one of the few bio-

manufacturing firms in the southwest region of Virginia," said Douglas J.

Acksel, director of operations. "We feel that collectively we have a solution

that supports many companies using advanced manufacturing methods."



Semiconductor manufacturer Micron Technologies, based in Northern Virginia,

faces a similar challenge and is fully committed to the initiative. "Our company

has agreed to fully support the development of the training design," said Amy

Harris, university relations specialist at Micron Technologies. "This will be a

model for the entire nation."



The project will build on prior investments of the Department of Labor, National

Science Foundation and other technology-focused training programs in Virginia

specializing in certification standards for manufacturing, bio- manufacturing,

and accelerated learning programs in math and science. The project will also

initiate a regional image campaign to promote public awareness of advanced

technology career opportunities.



For additional information about the project, contact Mark Herzog, Executive

Director of the Virginia Biotechnology Association, at 804-643-6360 or

mherzog@vabio.org .



About The Virginia Biotechnology Association -  http://www.vabio.org/



The Virginia Biotechnology Association, founded in 1992, is the statewide

non-profit organization that promotes the scientific and economic impact of the

life sciences industry in the Commonwealth of Virginia.  Nearly 160

biotechnology, pharmaceutical and medical device companies are based in

Virginia, mainly clustered around universities in Blacksburg, Charlottesville,

Richmond, Norfolk and Northern Virginia.



About the Virginia Manufacturers Association -  http://www.vamanufacturers.com/



The Virginia Manufacturers Association develops and advocates constructive

public policies, and organizes and supports a broad array of activities,

consultative services and programs to help ensure that Virginia remains a good

place for manufacturing companies to remain productive, profitable and

competitive.  Virginia's manufacturers currently support over 298,000 good jobs

in Virginia, contribute $31 billion to the state's gross domestic product, and

account for over 84% of the state's exports to the global economy.



About the Training & Development Corporation -  http://www.tdc-usa.org/



Training & Development Corporation is a national, not-for-profit think tank,

design shop and management company that specializes in sustainable employability

and local economy-building.  Since 1995, TDC has operated the Richmond Career

Advancement Center to support youth and adults entering the labor market or

transitioning to new jobs, and provides strategic planning and logistical

support for the Richmond Workforce Investment Board.



CONTACT:  Mark A. Herzog of Virginia Biotechnology Association,

+1-804-643-6360, or  mherzog@vabio.com ; or Allan A. Sharrett of Virginia

Manufacturers Association +1-804-643-7489 (Ext. 22),

 asharrett@vamanufacturers.com



Web site:   http://www.vabio.org/

 http://www.vamanufacturers.com/

 http://www.tdc-usa.org/



SOURCE Virginia Biotechnology Association



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





