aa,PR Newswire US,20050708,9:30,332436
                              755 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                        July 8, 2005 Friday 1:30 PM GMT



MORNING UPDATE: Mankus-Lavelle Group issues alerts for SCH, ET, AA, IDTI, and WB



LENGTH: 1629 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO July 8





CHICAGO, July 8  /PRNewswire/ -- Mankus-Lavelle Group issues the following

Morning Update at 8:30 AM EDT with new PriceWatch Alerts for key stocks.



Before the open... PriceWatch Alerts for SCH, ET, AA, IDTI, and WB, Market

Overview, Today's Economic Calendar, and the Quote Of The Day.



  QUOTE OF THE DAY

   "The purpose of terrorism is just that, it is to terrorize people and we

   will not be terrorized."

   -- Tony Blair, Prime Minister, United Kingdom



   New PriceWatch Alerts for SCH, ET, AA, IDTI, and WB...



   PRICEWATCH ALERTS -- HIGH RETURN COVERED CALL OPTIONS -----------

   -- Charles Schwab Corp. (NYSE:SCH)

   Last Price 12.68 -- AUG 12.50 CALL OPTION@ $0.75 -> 4.8 % Return assigned*

   -- E-trade Group (NYSE:ET)

   Last Price 15.18 -- AUG 15.00 CALL OPTION@ $0.85 -> 4.7 % Return assigned*

   -- ALCOA Inc. (NYSE:AA)

   Last Price 26.09 -- OCT 27.50 CALL OPTION@ $0.80 -> 8.7 % Return assigned*

   -- Integrated Device Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:IDTI)

   Last Price 10.34 -- AUG 10.00 CALL OPTION@ $0.75 -> 4.3 % Return assigned*

   -- Wachovia Corp. (NYSE:WB)

   Last Price 49.02 -- OCT 50.00 CALL OPTION@ $1.40 -> 5.0 % Return assigned*







* To learn more about how to use these alerts and for our FREE report, "The 18

Warning Signs That Tell You When To Dump A Stock", go to:

http://www.investorsobserver.com/mu18



(Note: You may need to copy the link above into your browser then press the

[ENTER] key)



** FREE Access to the Market Intelligence Center where you will find the news,

insight and intelligence that can make a difference in the way you invest, go

to:  http://www.investorsobserver.com/FreeMIC



NOTE: All stocks and options shown are examples only.  These are not

recommendations to buy or sell any security.



NEWS LEADERS AND LAGGARDS



So far today, Siebel Systems, Polo Ralph Lauren, and Altiris Inc lead the list

of companies with the most news stories while Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing

and AU Optronics are showing a spike in news.  Alcoa, Inc, Accenture Ltd, and

New Century Financial Corp have the highest srtIndex scores to top the list of

companies with positive news while Business Objects and Boston Scientific lead

the list of companies with negative news reports. Chico's FAS Inc has popped up

with a high positive news sraIndex score.



For the FREE article titled, "Earnings Season Decoded -- An Essential 15 Point

Checklist For Finding Winning Stocks." go to:

http://www.wallstreetsecretsplus.com/go/freemu/



MARKET OVERVIEW



Overseas trading is much improved over yesterday at this time of the morning, as

12 of the 15 foreign indices that we track are currently in positive territory.

The cumulative average return on the collective stood at 0.740 at 7:30 a.m.

With travel stocks leading the way in European trading, our friends across the

pond are recovering nicely following yesterday's terror attacks in London.

Driving these gains were solid returns in the U.S. indices on Thursday, and the

feeling that the market had become highly oversold after the event.

Unexpectedly weak Japanese machinery order data stifled a fledgling rally on the

Nikkei on Friday, setting the tone for much of Asian trading for the day.  In

Tokyo, the release of factory machinery orders revealed a seasonally adjusted

plunge of 6.7 percent during May from the prior month.  Analysts had expected a

considerably more moderate decline of 2.4 percent.



U.S. futures were optimistically higher in early trading, as the calm before the

storm rolled over the Street in pre-market trading on Friday.  With London

posting solid gains following yesterday's terror attacks, traders looked forward

to today's report on June non-farm payrolls.  Currently, the consensus is

expecting the addition 194,000 jobs during the month, following May's extremely

weak showing of 75,000.  However, expectations are running higher with

individual economists, with estimates ranging from 225,000 to 300,000 new

additions.



Be prepared for the investing week ahead with Bernie Schaeffer's FREE Monday

Morning Outlook.  For more details and to sign up, go to:

http://www.investorsobserver.com/freemo



DYNAMIC MARKET OPPORTUNITIES



On Thursday, America awoke to the news that terrorists had struck a major city

yet again.  This time, they scored a significant victory by finally managing to

penetrate London's robust security net for the first time since the 9/11

attacks.  Since that tragedy, the police and security authorities had done an

excellent job in preventing London terror attacks.  But an attack was all-but

inevitable, given its global stature and the fact that it's in a country with

strong allegiance to the US -- a fear that London's police chief himself

admitted last year.  The bombs, thought to be the work of al-Qaeda, exploded at

the height of the morning rush hour, three on the Underground system and one on

a bus.  Luckily, however, the explosions weren't totally catastrophic and given

London's long experience of IRA terrorist attacks, the city is better equipped

than most at handling them.  Nevertheless, by the end of the day, 37 people had

been confirmed dead, with a further 700 injured. Naturally, the FTSE-100 stock

market dropped immediately afterwards, falling as much as 207 points.  British

Airways and Diageo lost 4.2% and 4% respectively.  But the market showed

commendable resilience in rebounding to close down 71.30 points (1.4%) at 5,158.

Accounts suggest there wasn't mass market panic and a rush to sell everything

because traders had half-expected an attack at some point.  It was particularly

despicable that the terrorists decided not only to destroy almost 40 innocent

English lives and injure 700 others, but to also deliberately plan the attacks

as leaders of the G8 countries were meeting in Scotland to devise ways to end

world poverty and debt.  The bombings also came just hours after London was

euphoric after the International Olympic Committee (IOC) awarded the 2012 Summer

Olympics to the city.



Read more analysis from the 247Profits Group every trading day with the FREE

247Profits e-Dispatch, featuring insightful economic commentary, profitable

investment recommendations, and full access to a leading team of financial

experts. Register for free here:  http://www.247profits.com/enter.html



  TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR

   8:30 AM    June    Non-farm Payrolls

   8:30 AM    June    Unemployment Rate

   9:40 AM    June    ECRI Inflation Gauge

   10:00 AM   May     Wholesale Trade

   3:00 PM    May     Consumer Credit







The Mankus-Lavelle Group is an independent brokerage branch of brokersXpress,

LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of optionsXpress Holdings, Inc. The

Mankus-Lavelle Group has some of the most experienced, respected options

professionals in the industry.  Both novice option investors and experienced

traders are attracted to MLG.  Less experienced investors appreciate Mankus-

Lavelle Group's friendly expert guidance while more seasoned investors value

Mankus-Lavelle Group's highly trained staff of option experts.  To improve your

understanding of options get a free option kit at:  http://www.mlgos.com/  .



If you are familiar with stock investing but not sure what options can do for

you, call 1-800-230-5570 for a FREE 3-point portfolio check up.



Securities offered through brokersXpress, LLC  Member NASD/SPIC. Corporate

Office:  39 South LaSalle Street, Suite 220, Chicago, Illinois 60603-1608



brokersXpress(SM) is the online broker-dealer for independent reps and advisors.

Powered by the award-winning technology of optionsXpress(R), its parent company,

brokersXpress provides a leading-edge trading platform particularly powerful for

reps and advisors who employ option strategies.  For more information on how

partnering with brokersXpress can empower your business to new levels, contact

us confidentially by e-mail at  independence@brokersXpress.com .  Member

NASD/SPIC.  CRD# 127081



This Morning Update was prepared with data and information provided by:



InvestorsObserver.com -- Better Strategies for Making Money -> For Investors

With a Sense of Humor.  Only $1 for your first month plus seven free bonuses

worth over $420, see:   http://www.investorsobserver.com/must



Quote.com QCharts -- Real time quotes and streaming technical charts to keep you

up with the market.  Analyze, predict, and stay ahead.  For a Free 30 day trial

go to:  http://www.investorsobserver.com/MUQuote2



247profits.com -- You'll get exclusive financial commentary, access to a global

network of experts and undiscovered stock alerts.  Register NOW for the FREE

247profits e-Dispatch.  Go to:   http://www.investorsobserver.com/TPA



Schaeffer's Investment Research -- Sign up for your FREE e-weekly, Monday

Morning Outlook, Bernie Schaeffer's look ahead at the markets.  Sign Up Now

http://www.investorsobserver.com/freemo



PowerOptionsPlus -- The Best Way To Find, Compare, Analyze, and Make Money On

Options Investments.  For a 14-Day FREE trial and 5 FREE bonuses go to:

http://www.investorsobserver.com/poweropt



All stocks and options shown are examples only.  These are not recommendations

to buy or sell any security and they do not represent in any way a positive or

negative outlook for any security.  Potential returns do not take into account

your trade size, brokerage commissions or taxes which will affect actual

investment returns. Stocks and options involve risk and are not suitable for all

investors and investing in options carries substantial risk. Prior to buying or

selling options, a person must receive a copy of Characteristics and Risks of

Standardized Options available from Michael at 800-230-5570 or at

http://www.cboe.com/Resources/Intro.asp  .  Privacy policy available upon

request.



CONTACT:  Mike Lavelle, of Mankus-Lavelle Group, +1-800-230-5570



Web site:   http://www.mlgos.com/



SOURCE Mankus-Lavelle Group



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





