aa,PR Newswire US,20070424,9:15,332282
                              601 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       April 24, 2007 Tuesday 1:15 PM GMT



United Nations: Samuel Saraiva Urging Support for Declaring Natural Heritage of

Humanity and Universal Crime Any Aggression to the Environment



LENGTH: 617 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON April 24





WASHINGTON, April 24  /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Samuel Sales Saraiva, editor of

USLatin Magazine, has once again requested the support of UN Secretary General

Ban Ki-Moon and of Ambassadors of UN member States in examining the possibility

of presenting the Resolution "Declaration of the Planet's Forest Resources and

Hydrographic Basins as the Natural Heritage of Humanity and, at the same time,

Defining as a Universal Crime any action that Causes Damage to the Environment."



The initial text, published last December by Forbes Magazine, an ABC television

channel (Eyewitness) and other media, also considered the "training of a UN

PEACEKEEPING FORCE to monitor and guard the preservation of biological and

hydrological world heritage." However, Saraiva eliminated this item from the

text, considering it controversial, to the detriment of the issue being

discussed.



For Saraiva - who is a member of the National Association of Hispanic

Journalists (NAHJ) - bureaucratic indolence and ideological or sectarian

barriers cannot justify the delay in the adoption of unavoidable and necessary

measures for the preservation of the planet - even more so now, as it faces the

dark and threatening scenario in the UN report regarding climatic changes

indicated by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climatic Change (IPCC).



Al Gore, former Democratic Party candidate for the Presidency of the United

States of America, also made the following comment on the proposal: "Suggestions

from persons like you, filled with sincere interest in the enhancement of

environmental quality, are of extreme value."



On his part, Achim Steiner, Executive Director of the United Nations

Environmental Programme (UNEP), who is one of the highest officers in the field,

stated his support for Samuel Saraiva's proposal: "His suggestions may

contribute effectively to the consolidation of actions aimed at the conservation

and management of the earth's resources."



When Saraiva was asked if he would submit his proposal for consideration for the

Branson/Gore "Virgin Earth Challenge" award, offering US$25,000.00 to those who

contribute with the stabilization of climate of the earth, he stated that he was

only fulfilling his duty as a citizen. However, he stressed that for issuing a

proposal of global dimensions, it would be of the utmost importance to have the

support of entities such as Duke Energy, Microsoft, General Electric, DuPont,

Caterpillar and ALCOA, whose officers have already shown sensitivity and concern

regarding this issue, when they suggested to President Bush important measures

for the preservation of our planet.



"Philosophically," points out Saraiva, "our proposal is matched with the

superior desire for immediate action from all those who worry about the future

of the earth, and particularly with the proposal defended by representatives of

several countries, in the World Water Assembly for Elected Representatives and

Citizens, aiming to establish access to clean water as a Fundamental Right."



Additionally, he said that if the necessary support for the discussion of his

proposal doesn't come from the countries that constitute the so-called First

World, it could come from the Latin American, Asian or African nations, whose

goodwill is promoted by the needs and environmental problems they are already

facing, he concluded.



  Contact:

   USLatin Magazine

    us3000@comcast.net

   301-906-3160 - Washington, DC Area

    http://www.uslatinmagazine.com/







This release was issued through eReleases(TM).  For more information, visit

http://www.ereleases.com/ .



CONTACT: USLatin Magazine,  us3000@comcast.net , +1-301-906-3160 -

Washington, DC Area



Web site:   http://www.uslatinmagazine.com/



SOURCE USLatin Magazine



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





