
                              835 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                              April 5, 2004 Monday



MORNING UPDATE: Man Securities Issues Alerts for TWX, VZ, ADP, MXO, and SYY



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 1049 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO April 5





Man Securities issues the following Morning Update at 8:30 AM EDT with new

PriceWatch Alerts for key stocks.



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20020214/MANSECLOGO )



Before the open... PriceWatch Alerts for TWX, VZ, ADP, MXO, and SYY, Market

Overview, Today's Economic Calendar, and the Quote Of The Day.



QUOTE OF THE DAY



"I think we'll see that we are beginning to create a lot of new jobs."

     -- John Snow, Treasury Secretary



New PriceWatch Alerts for TWX, VZ, ADP, MXO, and SYY...



PRICEWATCH ALERTS - HIGH RETURN COVERED CALL OPTIONS



-- Time Warner Inc. (NYSE: TWX)

 Last Price 17.23 - JUL 17.00 CALL OPTION@ $1.05 -> 5.1 % Return

 assigned*



-- Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ)

 Last Price 37.24 - JUL 37.50 CALL OPTION@ $1.40 -> 4.6 % Return

 assigned*



-- Automatic Data Processing Inc. (NYSE: ADP)

 Last Price 44.25 - AUG 42.50 CALL OPTION@ $3.40 -> 4 % Return assigned*



-- Maxtor Corp. (NYSE: MXO)

 Last Price 8.44 - MAY 7.50 CALL OPTION@ $1.25 -> 4.3 % Return assigned*



-- Sysco Corp. (NYSE: SYY)

 Last Price 38.15 - AUG 37.50 CALL OPTION@ $2.30 -> 4.6 % Return

 assigned*



* To learn more about how to use these alerts and for our FREE report, "The 18

Warning Signs That Tell You When To Dump A Stock", go to:

www.investorsobserver.com/mu18



(Note: You may need to copy the link above into your browser then press the

$(ENTER$) key)



** For the FREE report, "The Secrets of Smart Election Year Investing -

Insights, Stocks, And Strategies." go to: www.InvestorsObserver.com/FREEelection



NOTE: All stocks and options shown are examples only. These are not

recommendations to buy or sell any security.



MARKET OVERVIEW



We wrap up the fourth quarter today, with the 10:00 a.m. release of Fourth

Quarter Manufacturers' Profits, last estimate at plus 5.0 percent, and Fourth

Quarter Retailers' Profits, last estimate plus 2.5 percent. This is old news and

probably will have little impact on the market. Sharing the same time slot, the

March data on the Institute for Supply Managers (ISM) Non- Manufacturing

Business Index is expected to advance to 61.2 from February's highly respectable

60.8.



No earnings releases scheduled for today, the unofficial start of this season

starts with the Tuesday release of DJIA component Alcoa's first quarter numbers.

The spigot won't be turned on full blast for another week or two, but this week

offers up numbers from the likes of Genentech, Yahoo!, Abbott and DJIA's General

Electric.



Be prepared for the investing week ahead with Bernie Schaeffer's FREE Monday

Morning Outlook. For more details and to sign up, go to:

http://www.investorsobserver.com/freemo



DYNAMIC MARKET OPPORTUNITIES



While Q1 2004 left with a whimper over speculation of a poor jobs report, no one

expected to see payroll jobs surge by 308,000 in March, tripling forecasts and

bettering even the most optimistic guesses. While the strong jobs data could be

a boon for consumer confidence, skeptical investors are likely to remain on the

sidelines waiting for confirmation. Many are worried that once the news fades,

Fed warnings of higher interest rates are likely to follow. According to Ian L.

Cooper, editor of The Profit Hog Insider, "While the number far exceeded the

horrendous 46,000 jobs added in February, we don't expect to see any Fed impact

on the multi-year low interest rate until the fall. This is only one month of

recovery. Once there's a substantial trend, then you can start worrying about

rising rates." However, should jobs growth continue, consumer confidence will

increase as will spending, which could be a boon to retailers, specifically

furniture retailers like The Rowe Companies, Bassett Furniture, and Restoration

Hardware who have recently benefited from pent-up demand for home furnishings

and refinancing. The valuations on these stocks are fantastic and insiders have

been buying in recent weeks. Patience is required.



Receive incisive economic/market commentary, profitable advice and access to a

network of leading investment exports. Simply follow this link:

http://www.investorsobserver.com/agora2



TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR



10:00 a.m.: Fourth Quarter Manufacturers' Profits (last 5.0 percent).



10:00 a.m.: Fourth Quarter Retailers' Profits (last 2.5 percent).



    10:00 a.m.: March Institute for Supply Managers (ISM) Non-Manufacturing

                Business Index (seen at 61.2, last 60.8).





Man Financial Inc is one of the world's major futures and options brokers and

has been recognized as a leading option order execution firm for individuals and

institutions. Member CBOE/NASD/SIPC (CRD6731). For more information and a free

CD with educational tools to help you invest smarter, see

www.investorsobserver.com/mancd



This Morning Update was prepared with data and information provided by:



InvestorsObserver.com -- Better Strategies for Making Money -> For Investors

With a Sense of Humor. Only $1 for your first month plus seven free bonuses

worth over $420, see: www.investorsobserver.com/must



247profits.com: You'll get exclusive financial commentary, access to a global

network of experts and undiscovered stock alerts. Register NOW for the FREE

247profits e-Dispatch. Go to: www.investorsobserver.com/agora



Schaeffer's Investment Research -- Sign up for your FREE e-weekly, Monday

Morning Outlook, Bernie Schaeffer's look ahead at the markets. Sign Up Now

http://www.investorsobserver.com/freemo



PowerOptionsPlus -- The Best Way To Find, Compare, Analyze, and Make Money On

Options Investments. For a 14-Day FREE trial and 5 FREE bonuses go to:

www.PowerOptionsPlus.com



All stocks and options shown are examples only. These are not recommendations to

buy or sell any security and they do not represent in any way a positive or

negative outlook for any security. Potential returns do not take into account

your trade size, brokerage commissions or taxes which will affect actual

investment returns. Stocks and options involve risk and are not suitable for all

investors and investing in options carries substantial risk. Prior to buying or

selling options, a person must receive a copy of Characteristics and Risks of

Standardized Options available from Sharon at 800-837-6212 or at

http://www.cboe.com/Resources/Intro.asp . Privacy policy available upon request.



SOURCE Man Securities



CONTACT: Michael Lavelle of Man Securities, +1-800-837-6212



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS EDITOR



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





