
                              825 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                             May 13, 2004 Thursday



Alcan, Alcoa World Alumina Sign MOU For Feasibility Study On 1.5 Million Mtpy

Alumina Refinery In Guinea



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 699 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH, PA and MONTREAL May 13





Alcan Inc. and Alcoa World Alumina LLC today announced the signing of a

memorandum of understanding (MOU) to assess the feasibility of developing

jointly a 1.5 million metric tonne per year (mtpy) alumina refinery in the

Republic of Guinea, West Africa.



Alcan, through subsidiaries and Alcoa World Alumina each hold a 43% interest in

Halco (Mining) Inc., which in turn is a 51% owner of Compagnie des Bauxites de

Guinee (CBG) that currently mines bauxite for export in the Boke region of the

country. The Government of the Republic of Guinea holds the remaining 49% of

CBG. CBG has exclusive rights through 2038 to bauxite reserves and resources in

a 10,000 square mile area in the northwestern part of the country. Alcoa World

Alumina, Alcan and other Halco shareholders acquire CBG bauxite for use in their

individual businesses.



Alcan and Alcoa will immediately undertake a detailed feasibility study,

furthering a feasibility assessment previously done by Alcoa, to assess the

various aspects of the project. This study is expected to be completed by mid

2005, and alumina production could be expected by early 2008. The refinery,

which would be operated by Alcoa, would be expected to have an initial 1.5

million mtpy capacity and it would be capable of expansion beyond this level.

Alcan and Alcoa would market their respective alumina off-take independently.

Therefinery would incorporate the latest technology and world-class operating

and management systems. Alcoa and Alcan will work closely with the Government of

the Republic of Guinea on the roles and participation of CBG and the Government

in this new project.Alcoa and Alcan have had informal discussions with the

International Finance Corporation (IFC) concerning a possible investment in the

project.



Given the substantial quantity and the high quality of bauxite reserves, Alcan

and Alcoa believe Guinea represents an attractive location for an alumina

refinery. In addition, the long-standing involvement of Alcoa and Alcan in CBG

places them in a uniquely favorable position to develop such a project.



About Alcan



Alcan is a multinational, market-driven company and a global leader in aluminum

and packaging, as well as aluminum recycling. With world-class operations in

primary aluminum, fabricated aluminum as well as flexible and specialty

packaging, aerospace applications, bauxite mining and alumina processing,

today's Alcan is even better positioned to meet and exceed its customers' needs

for innovative solutions and service. Alcan employs 88,000 people and has

operating facilities in 63 countries. Alcan was also named by FORTUNE magazine

as the World's Most Admired Metals Company, and listed as one of the TOP 10

Companies for Social Responsibility.



More information can be found at www.alcan.com .



About Alcoa



Alcoa is the world's leading producer of primary aluminum, fabricated aluminum

and alumina, and is active in all major aspects of the industry. Alcoa serves

the aerospace, automotive, packaging, building and construction, commercial

transportation and industrial markets, bringing design, engineering, production

and other capabilities of Alcoa's businesses to customers. In addition to

aluminum products and components, Alcoa also markets consumer brands including

Reynolds Wrap(R) foils and plastic wraps, Alcoa(R) wheels, and Baco(R) household

wraps. Among its other businesses are vinyl siding, closures, fastening systems,

precision castings, and electrical distribution systems for cars and trucks. The

company has 120,000 employees in 41 countries and has been a member of the Dow

Jones Industrial Average for 45 years and the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes

since 2001.



More information can be found at www.alcoa.com .



Alcoa World Alumina LLC is a joint venture company owned 60% by Alcoa Inc. and

40% by Alumina Limited of Australia, which forms part of the Alcoa World Alumina

and Chemicals (AWAC) enterprise. Alcoa manages and operates the AWAC enterprise.



SOURCE ALCAN INC.



CONTACT: ALCOA: Media Contact: Kevin Lowery, (412) 553-1424; Investor Contact:

William Oplinger, (212) 836-2674; ALCAN: Media Contact: Joseph Singerman, (514)

848-1355; Investor Contact: Corey Copeland, (514) 848-8368



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS/FINANCIAL EDITOR



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





