aa,PR Newswire US,20060601,5:00,332376
                              695 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       June 1, 2006 Thursday 9:00 AM GMT



EoPlex to Present on Bridge Between Macro and Nano Technology at Norcal iMAPS

Conference



LENGTH: 519 words



DATELINE: REDWOOD CITY, Calif. June 1





REDWOOD CITY, Calif., June 1  /PRNewswire/ -- EoPlex Technologies, Inc., the

advanced materials company that produces complex 3-Dimensional structures

through a new print forming technology, announced today that Philip Rogren will

deliver a presentation to the Norcal Chapter of the International

Microelectronics and Packaging Society (iMAPS). iMAPS is the key Northern

California forum to explore issues and applications of microelectronics

packaging. Rogren will be the featured speaker at the June 7 luncheon.



Rogren's presentation centers on a topic of ongoing relevance to the attendees

gathering this year in Silicon Valley. "Three-Dimensional Print Forming: A

Bridge Between Macro and Nano Technology" will address the increasing global

demand for volume manufacture of small complex structures. Rogren will describe

manufacturing technology that applies layered deposition techniques, including

screen printing, to produce very complex, 3-D structures in high volume.

Developed with the standard materials and techniques of the microelectronics

packaging industry, the technology is expanded to include a broad range of

metallic, oxide and organic materials that can be used singly or in wide range

combinations. Among the most important capabilities of the technology is the

ability to incorporate precisely designed, open spaces, channels and cavities,

either partially or completely enclosed, within the structure. The ability to

produce true 3-D structures, including open spaces, combined with an expanded

materials set, now opens potential applications to include micro-reactors,

sensors, energy harvesters and thermal management systems, as well as

microelectronics packaging. Rogren will show the techniques and capabilities of

the technology, along with examples of current and potential applications.



Rogren is a Silicon Valley veteran, who has spent more than 30 years working

with companies such as National Semiconductor, Microelectronic Packaging, Alcoa

and Shellcase. He is currently Vice President Sales and Marketing for EoPlex

Technologies, Inc. Rogren holds a BSC Degree in Ceramics from the University of

Washington. He has served as a past President of the Silicon Valley Chapter for

IMAPS.



About EoPlex Technologies, Inc.



EoPlex Technologies Inc. is a Redwood City, CA company that produces miniature,

complex electronic and structural components and systems through new technology

that captures the speed and flexibility of printing and applies it to

manufacturing. The EoPlex print forming process allows the manufacture of

miniature 3-D systems with high precision and low cost at any volume of

production. The EoPlex process makes it cost effective to mass produce products

that would be difficult or impossible to manufacture using conventional

techniques. The company is backed by Labrador Ventures, Draper Fischer

Jurvetson, and Draper-Richards. For more information, visit

http://www.eoplex.com/  or call 650-361-9070.



CONTACT:  Janice Odell, +1-707-237-2738, or  jan@fordodell.com , for EoPlex

Technologies, Inc.



Web site:   http://www.eoplex.com/



SOURCE EoPlex Technologies, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





