aa,PR Newswire US,20060307,9:44,332390
                              709 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       March 7, 2006 Tuesday 2:44 PM GMT



Aluminum Surpasses Iron as Second Most Used Automotive Material Worldwide;

Automakers increasingly turn to aluminum to improve fuel economy, safety and

driving performance



LENGTH: 938 words



DATELINE: DETROIT March 7





DETROIT, March 7  /PRNewswire/ -- Global aluminum use in automotive applications

continues to grow, according to a new report commissioned by The Aluminum

Association, Inc., and when compared to use of other metals, aluminum has now

exceeded iron to become the second most used automotive material worldwide.

Highlights of the report were unveiled by executives from Alcoa and Novelis,

leading aluminum manufacturers, during a press conference today.



"Aluminum penetration in the auto industry continues to surpass competing

materials as leading automakers recognize the metal's value in boosting fuel

economy, performance and safety, while reducing emissions.  With today's sky

high fuel prices, rising global warming concerns and increasing safety demands,

aluminum is a proven solution today, with even greater promise for tomorrow,"

said Misha Riveros-Jacobson, president of advanced transportation systems for

Alcoa.



Commissioned by the Auto & Light Truck Group (ALTG) of The Aluminum Association,

Inc., and conducted by Ducker Worldwide, the study found that passenger vehicles

in North America now contain an average of 319 pounds of aluminum representing a

16 percent increase from 2002 data, which now places aluminum second only to

steel in automotive applications.



Also released today by the ALTG was a related value study on aluminum's costs

and related benefits.  While the metal's rising use confirms its cost benefit

advantages in many applications today, the aluminum industry also documents the

additional value and cost savings aluminum could offer as more of the metal is

used in the future.  The value study, conducted by IBIS Associates, reveals the

potential for significant additional cost savings from secondary weight savings

and associated cost reductions, which can significantly offset upfront materials

costs.



"Aluminum's value is far reaching since it can safely reduce weight, which means

automakers can downsize components accordingly and recoup those secondary cost

savings," said Martha Brooks, chief operating officer for Novelis.  "Consumers

also can save money at the gas pump, as low weight vehicles using aluminum

require less fuel to get around."



Release of these new studies is well timed, given the fact the National Highway

Traffic Safety Administration will soon issue new fuel-economy standards for

SUVs, pickups and minivans for Model Year 2008 through 2011. NHTSA's earlier

draft rule proposed size-based standards, in part to encourage automakers to

make even greater use of high strength, low weight materials like aluminum.

NHTSA's effort is consistent with recent studies by the aluminum industry and

others, which confirm the size of a vehicle -- not its weight -- is a better

measure of a vehicle's safety.  Therefore NHTSA's new fuel economy rule

encourages even greater use of aluminum and similar materials in order to

maintain or even increase vehicle size for safety, while reducing vehicle weight

for improved fuel economy and reduced emissions.



"As the auto industry continues to innovate to meet consumer and government

demands the world over, whether it's through hybrid engines, cleaner fuels, or

simply making cars and trucks more fun to drive, aluminum will continue to help

build better cars and trucks," summarized Stephen Larkin, president of The

Aluminum Association, Inc.  "Aluminum continues to provide solutions to the

growing challenges of today and the future."



For more information, visit  http://www.autoaluminum.org/  .



About The Aluminum Association's Auto & Light Truck Group:  The Aluminum

Association's Auto & Light Truck Group (ALTG) communicates the benefits of

automotive aluminum to help accelerate its penetration through research programs

and related outreach activities.  Its mission is to serve member companies and

act as a central resource for the automotive industry on aluminum issues.

Member companies include:  Alcoa, Aleris International, Inc., Aluminum Precision

Products, Inc., ARCO Aluminum Inc., Indalex Aluminum Solutions, Kaiser Aluminum

& Chemical Corporation, Novelis Inc., Ormet Aluminum and Pechiney Rolled

Products.



About Ducker Worldwide



Ducker Worldwide is a recognized leader in business-to-business research,

analysis and strategy for technically oriented markets such as automotive,

metals and materials, industrial equipment and building and construction.

Founded in 1961, Ducker Worldwide leverages significant industry expertise and

employs primary research methodologies to obtain and analyze difficult and

detailed market intelligence as well as advanced strategic analysis that drives

results for its clients on a global basis.  Ducker Worldwide services its global

clientele from offices in Detroit, Paris, Berlin, Montreal, Shanghai, and

Bangalore, with correspondent offices in Brazil, Japan, and Australia.



About IBIS



IBIS Associates is an engineering consulting firm that helps technology- focused

organizations understand the competitive position of materials, processes, and

products.  A spin-off out of MIT's Materials Processing Center in 1987, IBIS has

worked in a wide range of industries, with emphasis on automotive and

electronics, assisting clients in their understanding of how alternative

manufacturing and materials system technologies compete on the basis of cost and

market conditions.  The IBIS approach is to provide business development and

operations solutions through the application of a set of quantitative tools,

methodologies and focused techno-economic skills.



CONTACT:  Caroline Jeffs of Strat@comm, +1-248-649-8000



Web site:   http://www.autoaluminum.org/



SOURCE The Aluminum Association, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



NOTES: NOTE TO EDITORS:  For information related to the methodologies used by

Ducker Worldwide and IBIS Associates, please contact Caroline Jeffs at

+1-248-649-8000 or cjeffs@stratacomm.net .



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





