aa,PR Newswire,20120706,14:48,331751
                              70 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        July 6, 2012 Friday 2:48 PM EST



University of Maryland Smith School of Business Names Joyce E. A. Russell Vice

Dean, Victor Mullins Associate Dean



LENGTH: 909 words



DATELINE: COLLEGE PARK, Md., July 6, 2012





Joyce E. A. Russell was named Vice Dean for Programs at the Robert H. Smith

School of Business, while Victor Mullins is the school's new Associate Dean of

the Undergraduate Program.



With 20-plus years of experience in student and academic affairs, Mullins has

arrived from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, where he was Associate

Dean of Undergraduate Affairs since 2005 in the College of Business.



Russell is a Ralph J. Tyser Distinguished Teaching Fellow at the Smith School

and has been a major force in shaping the student experience at all levels.



As vice dean, Russell's duties include oversight of the school's undergraduate,

MBA, MS and executive programs, and the development of the school's global,

university and corporate partnerships. She assumes the role in July and succeeds

Hugh Courtney, who was named dean of Northeastern University College of Business

Administration. "As vice dean, Joyce will be instrumental in championing Smith

School initiatives," said G. "Anand" Anandalingam, dean of the Robert H. Smith

School of Business. "This role is critical to the operations of the school. Her

leadership development and executive coaching expertise will be invaluable when

working with students, faculty and staff." Russell teaches courses at all levels

- undergraduate, full-time and part-time MBA, and executive MBA. Since joining

the faculty in 1998, she has consistently been honored for being one of the

school's outstanding teachers. She has also been selected three times for the

Allen J. Krowe Award for Teaching Excellence given for outstanding teaching

among tenured, tenure-track, and teaching professors.Russell is the director of

the Executive Coaching and Leadership Development Program for Smith's EMBA

program in College Park and China, and has chaired the Executive Coaching

Conference held at the Smith School and attended by coaches from across the

United States.She also has more than 25 years of experience consulting with both

private and public sector organizations in the areas of leadership development,

negotiation tactics, executive coaching, and career development. Some of her

clients have included: Lockheed Martin, Marriott, Department of Defense, Oak

Ridge National Laboratory, National Institute of Health, SAIC, Frito-Lay, Quaker

Oats, M&M Mars, ALCOA, Entergy, Yodlee, Black & Decker, Boeing Corporation,

Hughes Communications, McCormick, Sprint/Nextel, Tennessee Valley Authority,

State of Tennessee, Bell-South, L.M. Berry & Company, and Bryce

Corporation.Russell writes a weekly "Career Coach" column and answers reader

questions in a monthly online chat for The Washington Post's Capital Business

newspaper.Prior to joining the Smith School, Russell was a tenured full

professor in the College of Business Administration at the University of

Tennessee. She has published more than 50 articles, books, or book chapters and

has presented her research at national and regional conferences. She served as

the associate editor for the Journal of Vocational Behavior, and on the

editorial boards of the Journal of Applied Psychology, Human Resource Management

Review, and Performance Improvement Quarterly. She received her Ph.D and M.A.

degrees in industrial and organizational psychology from the University of

Akron, Ohio.



Mullins holds master's and doctoral degrees in higher education administration

from New York University. He completed his undergraduate studies in

communications at George Mason University.



"Victor has been committed to the admission, retention, placement and graduation

of students," said Anandalingam. "He is passionate about student development and

is looking forward to working collaboratively with faculty, staff, students,

alumni and corporate partners in building a strong student-centered community.



During an 11-year tenure at NYU's Leonard N. Stern School of Business, he served

in several positions, including Assistant Dean of Undergraduate Affairs.



Mullins will guide Smith's Office of Undergraduate Studies in providing student

academic services-registration, academic advising and scholarship

administration, plus managing student life, co-curricular activities and the

undergraduate community. He will oversee more than 2,900 undergraduates in

academically rigorous management education programs, plus customizable learning

opportunities through the Undergraduate Fellows Program, which bridges both

academic and co-curricular activities.



Mullins succeeds Patricia Cleveland, who served in the role since 1998, and has

joined Smith's Management and Organization Department as a lecturer. "Pat has

been primarily responsible for putting the undergraduate program at the Smith

School on the map and for stewarding the program into the ranks of the very best

among U.S. undergraduate business programs," said Anandalingam.



About the Robert H. Smith School of BusinessThe Robert H. Smith School of

Business is an internationally recognized leader in management education and

research. One of 12 colleges and schools at the University of Maryland, College

Park, the Smith School offers undergraduate, full-time and part-time MBA,

executive MBA, M.S. in business, Ph.D. and executive education programs, as well

as outreach services to the corporate community. The school offers its degree,

custom and certification programs in learning locations in North America and

Asia.



Contact:Greg Muraski1-301-405-5283gmuraski@rhsmith.umd.edu



SOURCE Robert H. Smith School of Business



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





