aa,PR Newswire US,20070425,9:00,332281
                              600 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      April 25, 2007 Wednesday 1:00 PM GMT



Vinimaya Named 'Cool Vendor' by Leading Analyst Firm;

Vendors selected for the "Cool Vendor report" are innovative, impactful and

intriguing



LENGTH: 716 words



DATELINE: SHELTON, Conn. April 25





SHELTON, Conn., April 25  /PRNewswire/ -- Vinimaya, a leading provider of

innovative supplier enablement solutions for e-procurement, has been included in

the list of "Cool Vendors" in the "Cool Vendors in Supply Chain and Procurement

2007" report by Gartner, Inc., authored by Debbie Wilson, Andy Kyte, Andrew

White and Tiffani Bova, released March 7, 2007.



Vinimaya was listed in the Gartner Report, which covers new developments in

supply chain and procurement that may have long-term market effects, including

solutions that are noninvasive to corporate IT strategy and architecture, so

value can be achieved without large degrees of change.



Vinimaya's flagship product is the patent-pending ViniSyndicate Catalog

Integration System(TM). ViniSyndicate uses distributed Internet search

technology in place of centralized catalog databases and XML punchout

connections to allow e-procurement system users to search, browse and create

shopping carts using content directly from suppliers' web sites and online

catalogs.  This approach simplifies, speeds up and significantly lowers the cost

of catalog enablement for both buyers and suppliers. ViniSyndicate also

addresses one of the most significant eProcurement challenges -- user adoption

-- by providing single user interface access to all catalogs concurrently, both

online and stored, providing functionality like cross-supplier (e.g., federated)

search, item compare and saved carts, which is not supported by XML punchout.



ViniSyndicate is compatible with all leading e-procurement systems such as Ariba

Buyer, Oracle iProcurement, PeopleSoft Enterprise eProcurement and SAP EBP among

others. Complementing ViniSyndicate is Vinimaya's EasyOrder(TM), their Internet

EDI offering, and EasyPortal(TM), their standalone OnDemand ePurchasing

offering, which combines the capabilities of ViniSyndicate and EasyOrder for

companies without an eProcurement system, or those using a P-Card. Vinimaya also

offers a full range of catalog, transactions and portal solutions for suppliers.



Vinimaya counts among its clients several Fortune Global 500 companies,

including Alcoa, Sunoco and 3M, among others.



"We're honored to be named a Cool Vendor by Gartner, one of the most respected

analyst firms in the world," said Gary Hare, Vinimaya's president and CEO.

"Vinimaya is helping companies realize the promised benefits of e-procurement

with solutions that are cutting-edge, providing tremendous benefits in

increasing user adoption, spend coverage and compliance.  And we do it in a

manner that is both highly cost-effective and easy to implement."



About Gartner's Cool Vendors Selection Process



Gartner's listing does not constitute an exhaustive list of vendors in any given

technology area, but rather is designed to highlight interesting, new and

innovative vendors, products and services. Gartner disclaims all warranties,

expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of

merchantability or fitness of a particular purpose.



Gartner defines a cool vendor as a company that offers technologies or solutions

that are: Innovative, enable users to do things they couldn't do before;

Impactful, have, or will have, business impact (not just technology for the sake

of technology); Intriguing, have caught Gartner's interest or curiosity in

approximately the past six months.



About Vinimaya



Vinimaya, Inc. is a privately held software solutions company that provides

Supplier Enablement Solutions for E-Procurement for both buyers and suppliers

based on the patent-pending Vinimaya Intelligent Agent Search (IAS)(TM) that are

100% compatible with e-procurement systems such as Ariba Buyer, SAP EBP, Oracle

iProcurement and PeopleSoft Enterprise eProcurement among others.  Visit

http://www.vinimaya.com/  or call (203) 926-1768. "Vinimaya", "ViniSyndicate",

"ViniSyndicate Catalog Integration System", "ViniSyndicate Supplier Integration

System", "EasyOrder", "Vinimaya Supplier Solutions", "Vinimaya Buyer Solutions"

and "Intelligent Agent Search" are registered trademarks of Vinimaya, Inc. All

other product and company names listed may be the trademarks of their respective

owners.



CONTACT:  Leonard Lee of Vinimaya, Inc., +1-612-670-3445,

 llee@vinimaya.com



Web site:  Visit  http://www.vinimaya.com/



SOURCE Vinimaya, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





