aa,PR Newswire US,20070417,6:30,332290
                              609 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      April 17, 2007 Tuesday 10:30 AM GMT



Twelve Suppliers Win Prestigious 2007 Automotive News PACE Award



LENGTH: 702 words



DATELINE: DETROIT April 17





DETROIT, April 17  /PRNewswire/ -- Twelve automotive suppliers won 2007

Automotive News PACE Awards for innovation during a black tie ceremony last

night at the Max M. Fisher Music Center in Detroit, Mich.  Automotive

manufacturers were also honored during the program with three Automotive News

PACE Innovative OEM Collaborator Awards.



The 13th annual awards program for innovation in the automotive supply chain was

open to suppliers that contribute products, processes, capital equipment or

services directly to the manufacture of cars or trucks worldwide. The

prestigious PACE (Premier Automotive Suppliers' Contribution to Excellence)

Award is presented by Automotive News, Microsoft, SAP and Transportation

Research Center Inc. (TRC Inc.).  Additional sponsors are the Original Equipment

Suppliers Association and WCSX (94.7FM).



Selected from among 23 finalists, the 2007 PACE Award winners -- by category --

are:



Product -- Innovations in new products or components or systems that have

significant market impact and act as "game changers" in the automotive industry:



  -- Alcoa Wheel Products, Cleveland, Ohio - Dura-Bright Wheels with XBR

      Technology



   -- Autoliv ASP, Inc., Ogden, Utah - Safety Vent Airbag



   -- Federal-Mogul Corporation, Southfield, Mich. - High Temperature Alloy

      (HTA) Exhaust Gaskets



   -- Halla Climate Control Corporation, Daejeon, Korea - Wave Blade Fan &

      Saw Tooth Shroud



   -- Valeo Raytheon Systems, Inc., Auburn Hills, Mich. - Multi-Beam Radar

      (MBR) Blind-Zone Radar Sensor







Product-Europe -- As above, but for innovations that are developed and first

commercialized in Europe:



  -- BorgWarner Turbo & Emissions Systems GmbH, Kirchheimbolanden, Germany -

      The BorgWarner Turbo & Emissions Systems Gasoline Turbocharger with

      Variable Turbine Geometry



   -- Federal-Mogul Corporation, Burscheid Germany and Southfield, Mich. -

      Goetze Diamond Coating







Manufacturing Process & Capital Equipment -- Innovations involving game-

changing processes (manufacturing or business) or innovative capital equipment

that support the automotive supply chain or manufacturing processes.



  -- Behr GmbH & Co. KG, Stuttgart, Germany - BehrOxal



   -- DuPont Automotive Systems, Troy, Mich. - DuPont EcoConcept



   -- Hirotec America, Auburn Hills, Mich. - E3 Hemming Press









Information Technology & Services -- Innovations in the design and

implementation of information systems solutions that enable companies to improve

operational performance or for services and delivery of services:



  -- RTT USA, Inc., Troy, Mich. - RTT DeltaGen



   -- Tenneco Inc., Lake Forest, Ill. - Diesel Aftertreatment Predictive

      Development Process









"Every winner that emerges from the rigorous Automotive News PACE Award review

process is truly exceptional in the industry," said Keith Crain, Automotive News

publisher and editor-in-chief.  "These twelve companies are clearly playing to

win -- today and in the challenging global market ahead."



Automotive manufacturers receiving Automotive News PACE Innovative OEM

Collaborator Awards during last evening's ceremonies were:



  -- Porsche AG for its collaboration on The High Energy ITM3e AWD System

      with BorgWarner TorqTransfer Systems;



   -- Porsche AG for its collaboration on The BorgWarner Turbo & Emissions

      Systems Gasoline Turbocharger with Variable Turbine Geometry with

      BorgWarner Turbo & Emissions Systems; and



   -- Volkswagen AG for its collaboration on the DuPont EcoConcept paint

      process with DuPont Automotive Systems.







Innovative OEM Collaborator Award winners were selected by Automotive News PACE

Award judges from the pool of 2007 finalists.



PACE Award winners were chosen following a thorough review of written

submissions from each supplier and site visits by a panel of judges, drawn from

among industry, academic and business leaders.



Profiles of each PACE Award winner's product, process and/or service is

available by visiting Automotive News at  http://www.automotivenews.com/pace .



CONTACT:  Pat Adanti-Joy, APR, +1-586-939-3429,  pat.joy@comcast.net , for

Automotive News; or Libby Irwin, +1-313-446-0420,  lirwin@crain.com , of

Automotive News



Web site:  http://www.automotivenews.com/pace



SOURCE Automotive News



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





