aa,PR Newswire,20080527,20:30,332186
                              505 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       May 27, 2008 Tuesday 12:30 PM GMT



Aleris International, Inc. Announces New Leader of Aleris Americas



LENGTH: 459 words



DATELINE: BEACHWOOD, Ohio May 27





BEACHWOOD, Ohio, May 27 /PRNewswire/ -- Aleris International, Inc. announced

today that Galdino Claro will join Aleris as Executive Vice President and CEO,

Aleris Americas, reporting to Steven J. Demetriou, Chairman and Chief Executive

Officer, on June 3, 2008. In this role, Mr. Claro will be responsible for all

Aleris business operations in the Americas.



Throughout his career in the metals industry, Mr. Claro, 49 has held key

operational, marketing and product development roles with broad global

responsibilities. Since September 2007, he served as President and Chief

Executive Officer of Heico Metal Processing Group, a $2 billion conglomerate

with operations in the United States, Canada and Europe.



Previously, Mr. Claro spent more than 20 years with Alcoa Inc., ultimately

serving as Vice President, Operations of Alcoa Global Packaging. In that

capacity he oversaw the operations of 86 manufacturing facilities and eight

research-and-development centers in the United States, Latin America and Europe.

As President of Alcoa China & Korea Holding Company from 2002 to 2005, Mr. Claro

led significant strategic growth in the region and was responsible for eight

joint ventures and wholly owned operations, including aluminum smelting,

refining, rolling and hard alloys extrusions. Prior to that, he served as

President of Alcoa Europe Extrusions; Managing Director of Alcoa Northern

European Extrusions; Managing Director of Alcoa Latin America's Cargo-Van

Business Unit; and Marketing and Product Development Director of Alcoa Latin

America's Semi-Fabricated Products Division among other positions.



"With his broad-based experience in successfully managing global operations,

Galdino has demonstrated an ability to improve business performance, foster

long-term profitable growth and unite operations under a common vision," said

Demetriou. "We look forward to the benefit of his leadership at Aleris

Americas."



Mr. Claro is an Expert in Quality from the International Labour Office (I.L.O.),

Nichi-Chiba, Japan, and holds a Mechanical Engineering undergraduate degree from

the University of Taubate, Sao Paulo, Brazil.



Aleris International, Inc. is a global leader in aluminum rolled products and

extrusions, aluminum recycling and specification alloy production. Headquartered

in Beachwood, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland, the Company operates 47 production

facilities in North America, Europe, South America and Asia, and employs

approximately 8,800 employees. For more information about Aleris, please visit

our Web site at http://www.aleris.com/



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20050504/CLW056LOGO )



CONTACT: William Sedlacek of Aleris International, Inc.,

+1-216-910-3522



Web site: http://www.aleris.com/



SOURCE Aleris International, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





