aa,PR Newswire,20120622,18:35,331759
                              78 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        June 22, 2012 Friday 6:35 PM EST



Tesla Model S Relies on Aluminum to Maximize Electric Vehicle's Range;

Aluminum Transportation Group Applauds Innovation



LENGTH: 356 words



DATELINE: DETROIT, June 22, 2012





As Tesla launches its new Model S sedan today, the Aluminum Association's

Aluminum Transportation Group (ATG) applauds its intensive use of aluminum to

help the all-electric vehicle save weight, allowing it to go farther while

producing zero emissions and offering rapid acceleration and nimble performance.



"Tesla's Model S is an example of the next frontier in what automakers are

achieving with aluminum," said ATG Chairman Randall Scheps. "Tesla is among the

leaders driving automotive aluminum use, which will double within a decade

yielding more mass produced, high volume aluminum-intensive vehicles that will

hit showrooms. Consumers will benefit from this increased growth, as aluminum

helps automakers meet the fuel economy, emissions, performance, safety and

durability goals that consumers demand."



Research shows that aluminum use in electric and other alternative powertrain

vehicles helps offset heavy battery weight, increasing driving range or fuel

economy and improving performance. This helps save money, as less energy is

required to move lighter vehicles, resulting in better efficiency, a lower cost

to produce and a shorter payback period for the consumer.



Aluminum offers a simple solution to automakers of all types of vehicles as they

increasingly turn to the metal to produce lighter, more efficient vehicles

without compromising performance or safety. Learn more at

www.aluminumintransportation.org and follow us on Twitter @DriveAluminum.



About the Aluminum Association



Through its Aluminum Transportation Group, the Aluminum Association communicates

the benefits of aluminum in ground transportation applications to help

accelerate its penetration through research programs and related outreach

activities. The ATG's mission is to serve member companies and act as a central

resource for the automotive and commercial vehicle industries on aluminum

issues. Members of the ATG include: Alcoa Inc., Novelis Inc., Rio Tinto Alcan,

Aluminum Precision Products Inc., Kaiser Aluminum Corporation, Hydro and Sapa

Group.



SOURCE Aluminum Association







CONTACT:Jasmin Nadalizadeh, +1-248-975-2800, jnadalizadeh@stratacomm.net



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





