aa,PR Newswire US,20061109,17:53,332338
                              657 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                     November 9, 2006 Thursday 10:53 PM GMT



Beneful(R) Prepared Meals(TM) Takes Home Winning Votes for PACK EXPO Selects(TM)

Awards Program



LENGTH: 1696 words



DATELINE: ARLINGTON, Va. Nov. 9





ARLINGTON, Va., Nov. 9  /PRNewswire/ -- Packaging professionals attending last

week's PACK EXPO International voted the sleek package developed for Beneful(R)

Prepared Meals(TM) as the winner of the inaugural PACK EXPO Selects(TM) awards

program. PACK EXPO Selects(TM) was the newest addition to The Showcase of

Packaging Innovations(TM), a special pavilion sponsored by The Dow Chemical

Company. PACK EXPO was held from October 29 - November 2, 2006 at McCormick

Place in Chicago, Illinois.



The PACK EXPO Selects(TM) program was comprised of a special display and

electronic voting system that allowed tradeshow attendees to recognize the

year's most innovative packaging designs by voting for their favorite nominee.



Each of the fifteen finalist packages were developed, designed, converted or

produced by one or more PACK EXPO International 2006 exhibitors. PACK EXPO

International is sponsored and produced by the Packaging Machinery Manufacturers

Institute (PMMI).



"This was a great chance to highlight the innovative designs our exhibitors

offer to the consumer market," noted Charles D. Yuska, president and CEO, PMMI.

"We are very pleased with the voting turnout this new program received. PACK

EXPO attendees could vote for their two favorite products, and when the final

tallies were counted, it was a close race. Every vote counted. Congratulations

to Beneful(R) Prepared Meals(TM) and all of the PACK EXPO Selects(TM) finalists

for their ground-breaking contributions. We look forward to another spirited

competition at PACK EXPO Las Vegas 2007."



PACK EXPO Selects(TM) 2006 Winner: Beneful(R) Prepared Meals(TM) Dog Food



The Beneful(R) Prepared Meals(TM) dog food package was designed to create a

distinctive product that would appeal to pet owners, incorporate barriers needed

for extended shelf stability and provide the performance needed to withstand the

high temperatures and pressure of the retort process. The final product is

thermoformed of a proprietary, clear, seven-layer polypropylene/ ethylene vinyl

alcohol coextrusion designed to achieve specific barrier and performance

requirements. The innerseal locks out air and other elements to protect

nutrients while the container's full body, heat-shrinkable sleeve label includes

product viewing windows. If contents are left over, consumers can easily snap on

the lid to reseal the container and refrigerate for future use.



Contributing exhibitors to the Beneful(R) Prepared Meals(TM) product include

Alcoa Packaging, Hans Rychiger AG, PDC International Corporation and Printpack,

Inc.



The following five PACK EXPO Selects(TM) finalists were selected as the top

innovative products during the show:



  1. Beneful(R) Prepared Meals(TM)



   2. Meow Mix Select Cup

      Meow Mix's Market Select wet cat food cup is a custom thermoformed

      rigid container utilizing a proprietary high barrier multi-layer

      structure with design characteristics specifically implemented for

      retort processing performance. The multi-layer, high barrier foil based

      peelable retort lid showcases graphics without wrinkles or distortion.

      The container has been designed to physically withstand the high

      temperature and pressure it undergoes in the retort

      process.

      Contributing exhibitor: Printpack, Inc.



   3. Lipton Green Tea to Go

      To meet consumer demand for convenient ways to eat and live healthier

      without giving up great taste, Unilever Foods North America introduced

      Lipton powdered tea products in single-serve stick packets for on-the-

      go consumption. Consumers add the contents to bottled water, shake and

      drink. The mini packets are formed from a polyester/foil/polyester

      laminate supplied as rollstock. The structure is reverse-printed in

      seven colors by offset lithography.

      Contributing exhibitor: Sonoco Products Company



   4. Simpads

      Constructed from 100% recycled EPS foam, patented Simpad cushions offer

      shippers a simple to use, low-cost, reusable protective packaging

      solution. Simpads contour to the shape of the object it is wrapped

      around. The Simpad can then be straightened out and reused to protect a

      different object. Applications include computer products, electronics,

      automotive parts, electric motors, pumps and valves, castings and

      more.

      Contributing exhibitor: Simpak International LLC



   5. Cool Java

      Designed to protect beverages from oxygen, the bottles stand up to the

      rigorous retort sterilization process without the internal panels or

      ribs found in other retort bottles and keep contents shelf-stable.

      Produced using a value-added multi-layer process, the bottle's curved

      structure eliminates wrinkled shrink sleeve labels while its induction

      seal closure is easy to open and reclose.

      Contributing exhibitor: Sonoco Products Company



   Other packages selected as finalists for the awards program include:



   BENJAMIN Bag

   The BENJAMIN is an automatic form-fill-seal system suitable for medium

   capacity filling of powder products into plastic bags. Offering dust-free

   filling and a securely sealed plastic bag, product cleanliness and

   moisture protection is ensured and storage life is increased.

   Contributing exhibitor: Haver Filling Systems, Inc.



   BottleMaster(R) Three-Pack

   This stylish, functional carrier uniquely positions three glass bottles

   ensuring no glass-to-glass contact and providing excellent protection.

   Constructed from .018 Coated Natural Kraft Carrier Kote with aqueous gloss

   coating, the BottleMaster(R) carrier offers an ideal vehicle for

   promotions and new product launches.

   Contributing exhibitor: MeadWestvaco Packaging Systems



   Corby's Minuit Cream

   The package for Corby's Minuit Cream liquor features a unique shrink

   sleeve label with UV blocking film and inks to protect the cream-based

   product.

   Contributing exhibitors: Enocapsule Inc. and Gilbreth Packaging



   Duodozen(R) Ice-Pak

   Designed to replace a conventional cooler, this unique carton offers

   consumers a "chimney" addition that allows the container to nearly double

   its height once opened, creating plenty of room for ice. Created for

   Tecate in Mexico, the carton is constructed from .018 Coated Natural Kraft

   Carrier Kote with aqueous gloss coating.

   Contributing exhibitor: MeadWestvaco Packaging Systems



   Kleenex(R) Tissue Cup

   Both practical and ergonomic, the Kleenex tissue cup measures 7 x 17

   centimeters and holds 50 tissues. The thermoformed top end with an opening

   in the center gives the consumers easy access to the tissues.

   Contributing exhibitor: Sonoco Products Company



   Kleenex(R) Ultra Soft

   Structural uniqueness of this canister is achieved by pressure fitting a

   composite lid under the folded top edge of the container. The center

   paperboard piece is removed by the consumer to facilitate access to the

   tissues. The injection molded frame remains, adding structural strength to

   the overall container.

   Contributing exhibitors: Focke & Co. and Paper Machinery Corporation



   Ocean Spray Club Store Bliss Box Display Case

   This corrugated shipping container has high top to bottom stacking

   strength, maximum rigidity to accommodate large product sizes, high

   product visibility, a smooth surface for optimum printability and an open

   design for maximum shop-ability.

   Contributing exhibitors: CIVision and Moen Industries



   Readifoods' Tesco Temptations Fruit & Snack Mixes

   This single-wrap rigid container has the barrier properties of a composite

   can. Designed to be portable and durable, the small oval-shaped canister

   features a clear, heat-sealed, anti-mist membrane to ensure a long shelf

   life while its opaque cap keeps product fresh but also allows for easy

   opening. The label is printed using six-color lithography with a varnish.

   Contributing exhibitor: Sonoco Products Company



   Vino-Seal(TM)

   The Vino-Seal(TM) is a glass stopper with an inert o-ring to provide a

   hermetic seal. The patented design prevents oxidation and contaminates

   from entering the bottle. No corkscrew is needed for opening the bottle

   and the wine can be resealed with the closure.

   Contributing exhibitor: Alcoa Closure Systems International



   Wasatch's Park City IceWater(TM)

   This proprietary pouch film structure combines PET, biaxially oriented

   nylon with a coextruded organoleptic inner sealant layer to protect taste,

   odor, color of water and pouch integrity. The cap's enlarged, ergonomic

   design makes it easy to grasp, turn and access the liquid. The package's

   valve prevents pouch from spilling, leaking or dripping if tipped and

   keeps out air and other contaminants.

   Contributing exhibitor: Ampac Flexibles







The Packaging Machinery Manufacturers Institute (PMMI) is a trade association

whose more than 500 general members manufacture packaging and packaging-related

converting machinery in the United States and Canada. PMMI's twenty-three

supplier members manufacture commercially available packaging machinery

components. PMMI's vision is to be the leading global resource for packaging.

Its mission is to improve and promote members' abilities to meet the needs of

their customers. Visit  http://www.pmmi.org/  for more information.



PACK EXPO Las Vegas will be held October 15-17, 2007 at the Las Vegas Convention

Center in Las Vegas, NV. The show will be co-located with the PROCESS EXPO and

the Converting & Package Printing EXPO. PMMI also produces EXPO PACK Mexico, the

premier packaging show in Mexico serving the Latin American region. This show

will be held June 26-29, 2007 at Centro Banamex, Mexico City, Mexico. PACK EXPO

International will be held November 9-13, 2008 at McCormick Place in Chicago,

IL.



  Editorial Contacts:

   PMMI

   Angie White

   ABI

   Tel: (212) 529-4500 x 239

   E-mail:  awhite@abipr.com



   PACK EXPO

   Nicole Zampino

   ABI

   Tel: (212) 529-4500 x 208

   E-mail:  nzampino@abipr.com





CONTACT: (PMMI) Angie White, +1-212-529-4500 x239 or  awhite@abipr.com ; or

(PACK EXPO) Nicole Zampino, +1-212-529-4500 x208, or  nzampino@abipr.com , both

of ABI



Web site:   http://www.pmmi.org/



SOURCE The Packaging Machinery Manufacturers Institute



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





