
                              806 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                           September 13, 2004 Monday



Visteon Names Patricia L. Higgins and James D. Thornton to Board of Directors



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 579 words



DATELINE: DEARBORN, Mich. Sept. 13





Visteon Corporation (NYSE: VC) today announced that Patricia L. Higgins and

James D. Thornton were elected to Visteon's Board of Directors at a meeting

Thursday, Sept. 9, with an effective date of Oct. 1, 2004.



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20001201/DEF008LOGO )



Higgins is former president and chief executive officer of Switch and Data in

Tampa, Fla., and an experienced telecommunications executive. Thornton is a

senior executive vice president and director of diversity, recruitment and

people services for MBNA America Bank, N.A. based in Wilmington, Del.



"We are very pleased to add two accomplished and highly respected business

leaders to Visteon's board," said Michael F. Johnston, Visteon's president and

chief executive officer. "Both Patricia and James bring extensive business

experience and a focus on performance that will serve all of our stakeholders

well."



Higgins left Switch and Data earlier this year after serving as president and

CEO since September 2000. Before joining Switch and Data, she was chairman and

CEO of The Research Board, a business unit of the Gartner Group, for which she

also served as executive vice president since January 1999. Before that, she was

corporate vice president and chief information officer for Alcoa Inc. in

Pittsburgh, Pa., following two years at Unisys Corp. as vice president and

president, communications market business unit. She began her career with AT&T

in 1977, eventually serving as vice president, international sales operations

for Lucent. After that, she spent four years with NYNEX/Bell Atlantic as

corporate vice president and group vice president for the company's operations

in the state of New York.

    Higgins currently serves on the board of directors of SpectraSite Inc. She

has a bachelor's degree in economics from Montclair State University in

Montclair, N.J., and attended the Advanced Management Program at the Harvard

Business School in Cambridge, Mass.



Thornton has held various leadership positions since joining MBNA, the largest

independent credit card lender in the world, in 1997. Prior to assuming his

current position this year, he was director of sports marketing, regional

director - Mid-Atlantic Region from January 2001 to February 2004. Thornton

subsequently became director of quality assurance for MBNA. Before joining MBNA,

Thornton spent 28 years at Sears, Roebuck and Company, mainly in its automotive

and tire groups. He was vice president and general manager of Sears Tire Group

(1996-97), after holding the same position for Sears Automotive (1993-95).

During his career at Sears Automotive he also served as national and regional

business manager, regional and territorial operating manager, and as a store

manager in various locations.



Thornton is chairman of the board of trustees at Talladega College in Talladega,

Ala., where he earned a bachelor's degree in economics.



Visteon Corporation is a leading full-service supplier that delivers

consumer-driven technology solutions to automotive manufacturers worldwide and

through multiple channels within the global automotive aftermarket. Visteon has

approximately 72,000 employees and a global delivery system of more than 200

technical, manufacturing, sales and service facilities located in 25 countries.



SOURCE Visteon Corporation



CONTACT: Media Inquiries: Kimberly A. Welch, +1-734-625-8600 (mobile),

kwelch5@visteon.com , or Jim Fisher, +1-313-755-0635, jfishe89@visteon.com ,

both of Visteon Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS AND AUTO EDITORS



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





