aa,PR Newswire,20090225,14:00,332122
                              441 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                    February 25, 2009 Wednesday 7:00 PM GMT



Lockheed Martin Unveils Fourth Operational JLTV Prototype at AUSA Winter

Symposium



LENGTH: 479 words



DATELINE: OWEGO, N.Y. Feb. 25





OWEGO, N.Y., Feb. 25 /PRNewswire/ -- Lockheed Martin(NYSE:LMT)today unveiled its

fourth operational Joint Light Tactical Vehicle (JLTV) prototype, a second

variant of its Infantry Carrier Category B model, at the Association of the

United States Army Winter Symposium in Ft. Lauderdale, FL.



Since October 2007, the Lockheed Martin-led JLTV Team has introduced four

prototypes: its original Infantry Carrier JLTV Category B model, which is

designed for troop transportation and was unveiled in October 2007; the Utility

Vehicle Light Category C model, which is designed with a focus on payload and

was introduced in February 2008; the General Purpose Mobility Category A model,

which is designed for logistical support and was unveiled in October 2008; and

the second variant of the Infantry Carrier Category B model, which made its

public debut today.



"We have designed, developed and extensively tested mature JLTV vehicles," said

Lou DeSantis, vice president of JLTV Systems at Lockheed Martin. "We've received

feedback from the customer and used it to improve our solution in areas such as

ergonomics and survivability. Introducing the fourth operational prototype

demonstrates our team's commitment to provide the warfighter with the

lowest-risk, most technically innovative and affordable vehicle possible."



Currently all of the Lockheed Martin JLTV prototypes are in system test. To

date, they have accumulated over 30,000 combined test miles, more than half of

which have been conducted off-road to simulate mission conditions.



On October 29, 2008 the U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corps awarded Lockheed Martin,

along with two other companies, 27-month contracts to continue technology

development on the JLTV program.



  The Lockheed Martin-led JLTV Team includes:

  --  BAE Systems, providing advanced armor solutions and production

      facilities for high volume assembly;

  --  Alcoa Defense, supplying materials experience, design services and

      aluminum components that give the vehicle its structural strength at

      reduced weight; and

  --  JWF - Defense Systems, offering state-of-the-art machining and

      cost-effective fabrication.







Lockheed Martin serves as the prime contractor and design agent, providing

systems engineering, platform integration, design expertise, and program and

supply chain management.



Headquartered in Bethesda, Md., Lockheed Martin is a global security company

that employs about 146,000 people worldwide and is principally engaged in the

research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of

advanced technology systems, products and services. The corporation reported

2008 sales of $42.7 billion.



For additional information, visit our Web site:



http://www.lockheedmartin.com/



CONTACT: Jeff Brown of Lockheed Martin, +1-607-751-2796,

 jeff.brown@lmco.com



Web Site: http://www.lockheedmartin.com/



SOURCE Lockheed Martin



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





