aa,PR Newswire,20121009,9:30,331714
                              33 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      October 9, 2012 Tuesday 9:30 AM EST



Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day Highlights: Plum Creek Timber, Conmed, Alcoa,

Aluminum Corporation of China and Rio Tinto



LENGTH: 1463 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, Oct. 9, 2012





  Zacks Equity Research highlights Plum Creek Timber Co. (NYSE: PCL ) as the

Bull of the Day and Conmed Corporation (Nasdaq: CNMD ) as the Bear of the Day.

In addition, Zacks Equity Research provides analysis on Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA ),

Aluminum Corporation of China Limited (NYSE: ACH ) and Rio Tinto plc. (NYSE: RIO

).



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO )



Full analysis of all these stocks is available at http://at.zacks.com/?id=2678 .



Here is a synopsis of all five stocks:



Bull of the Day :



We are changing our recommendation for Plum Creek Timber Co. (NYSE: PCL ) from

Neutral to Outperform. Plum Creek is the largest publicly-held timber REIT, with

a diversified timber and land base that enables it to benefit from large

economies of scale.



Plum Creek reported strong second quarter 2012 results with earnings beating the

Zacks Consensus Estimate by $0.04. In addition, the upsurge in demographic

trends driving housing markets and demand for real estate properties across the

country provides a strong economic backdrop for the company to demonstrate solid

financial performance in the future.



Our long-term Outperform recommendation on the stock indicates that it would

perform well above the broader market. Our target price of $51.00, 45.9X 2012

EPS, reflects this view.



Bear of the Day :



We downgrade our recommendation on Conmed Corporation (Nasdaq: CNMD ) to

Underperform. Its earnings and revenues for the second quarter missed the Zacks

Consensus Estimates. All business segments, except the Arthroscopy business,

hampered growth and sales. Conmed has lowered its guidance for 2012.



The company competes in the orthopedic surgery market against much larger, more

technically-competent companies with deeper pockets. It continues to face a weak

capital purchasing environment. We are also keeping an eye on Conmed's multiple

given the current headwinds.



Thus, we downgrade our recommendation on Conmed to Underperform with a price

target of $27 based on 15.3x our fiscal 2012 earnings estimate. Over the last

five years, the company's shares have traded in a range of 8.9x to 22.6x,

trailing 12-month earnings.



Latest Posts on the Zacks Analyst Blog :



Earnings Preview: Alcoa



Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA ) is scheduled to report its third-quarter 2012 results

after the market closes on Tuesday, October 9. Analysts polled by Zacks are

currently expecting the company to break even on a per share basis on revenues

of $5.62 billion.



With respect to earnings surprises, the company has posted two negative

surprises in the preceding four quarters while it beat and met the Zacks

Consensus Estimate on the other two occasions. Alcoa has delivered an average

negative earnings surprise of 28.79% over the trailing four quarters, implying

that it has missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate by that measure.



Second Quarter Flashback



Alcoa reported loss in the second quarter of 2012, hurt by lower aluminum

prices. The company posted a loss of $2 million (break even on a per share

basis) in the quarter compared with a profit of $322 million (or 28 cents a

share) in the year-ago quarter.



Excluding one-time special items (including restructuring and other charges,

litigation expenses and tax-related items), Alcoa earned 6 cents a share, in

line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate but below the year-ago earnings of 32

cents.



Revenues decreased 9.4% year over year and 0.7% sequentially to $5,963 million,

but were ahead of the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $5,828 million. While weak

aluminum prices dragged down revenues, the company saw increased demand across

aerospace and automotive markets in the quarter. Alcoa stated that aluminum

prices dropped 18% year over year and 4% sequentially in the second quarter.



Company's Outlook



For 2012, Alcoa reiterated its aluminum growth forecast of 7% globally. The

company also continues to expect a deficit in global aluminum supply in 2012.



Estimate Revisions Trend



Agreement



 In the past 30 days, 7 analysts (out of 15) have made downward revisions while

1 analyst has raised his/her estimate for the third quarter. Over the last 7

days, there has been one upward revision coupled with a sole reverse movement.



Magnitude



Given the relative lack of movements, estimate for the third quarter has been

static (at break even per share) over the past week. However, the directional

pressure from a number of downward revisions has resulted in a decline of 3

cents in the estimate for the quarter over the past month.



Our View



We believe that Alcoa's outlook depends on the uncertainties in the aluminum

market. In addition, we remain concerned about the volatile aluminum pricing and

rising raw material costs. We expect rising energy and raw material (especially

caustic soda) costs to continue constrain margin.



The company is pursuing strategies to move down its cost curves in its upstream

businesses, and record profitability in its midstream and downstream businesses.

In conjunction with the revenue targets, management is committed to improving

margins that will exceed historical levels in the midstream and downstream

operations. The company aims to achieve these goals by optimizing its portfolio

and restructuring its high-cost assets.



Alcoa is aggressively slashing costs. The company curtailed 390,000 metric tons

of its system smelting capacity to improve its competitive position. Alcoa, in

January 2012, announced the temporarily idling of a portion of the smelters in

Aviles and La Coruna, both of which will be operating at roughly 50% of

capacity.



However, we are optimistic about Alcoa's long-term growth projects in China,

Russia, Brazil and Saudi Arabia. Demand from these countries is expected to

increase its alumina and aluminum production while lowering its operating costs.

The company has established itself already as a key domestic supplier in some of

the markets like packaging, aerospace, and commercial and transportation in

Russia.



Alcoa faces stiff competition from Aluminum Corporation of China Limited (NYSE:

ACH ) and Rio Tinto plc. (NYSE: RIO ). The company retains a Zacks #3 Rank,

indicating a short-term (1 to 3 months) "Hold" rating. Currently, we have a

long-term (more than 6 months) "Neutral" recommendation on the stock.



Get the full analysis of all these stocks by going to

http://at.zacks.com/?id=2649 .



About the Bull and Bear of the Day



Every day, the analysts at Zacks Equity Research select two stocks that are

likely to outperform (Bull) or underperform (Bear) the markets over the next 3-6

months.



About the Analyst Blog



Updated throughout every trading day, the Analyst Blog provides analysis from

Zacks Equity Research about the latest news and events impacting stocks and the

financial markets.



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous analyst coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded

stocks. Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest

analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today by

visiting http://at.zacks.com/?id=7158 .



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research , Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leonard Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in

stock market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his

many accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system;

the Zacks Rank , which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1

margin. The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market

insights of Zacks Investment



Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit from the Pros. In

short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to be worth your

time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros at

http://at.zacks.com/?id=4582 .



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Follow us on Twitter:  http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?re

f=ts



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Media Contact



Zacks Investment Research



800-767-3771 ext. 9339



support@zacks.com



http://www.zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





