
                              842 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                            March 17, 2004 Wednesday



CNH (Case New Holland) Selects Solid Edge(R) Computer-Aided Design Software to

Increase Productivity and Reduce Costs;

World's Largest Manufacturer of Agricultural Tractors Cites Solid Edge for Ease

of Use, Cost Effectiveness and Increased 3D Design Productivity



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 773 words



DATELINE: PLANO, Texas March 17





UGS PLM Solutions, the product lifecycle management subsidiary of EDS (NYSE:

EDS), today announced that CNH (Case New Holland) has selected Solid Edge(R) as

its computer-aided design (CAD) system for implementation in Italy, the United

Kingdom, Belgium and Poland. CNH acquired 98 licenses of Solid Edge.

Chicago-headquartered CNH is a leading global manufacturer of agricultural and

construction equipment.



Solid Edge's use at the four sites follows a thorough international pilot

project. A global CNH evaluation team selected Solid Edge based on its

capabilities to provide a complete technical solution able to reduce the overall

cost of CAD ownership and to meet CNH business objectives.



In particular, CNH noted some of its own technical input is represented in Solid

Edge's new Rapid Blue shape creation technology.



"We are particularly satisfied with this agreement because the Solid Edge

solution will dramatically shorten the learning curve and, most of all, increase

the day-to-day productivity of our engineers," said Giuseppe Gavioli, global

engineering services manager at CNH.



The Solution



Solid Edge (www.solidedge.com ) from UGS PLM Solutions is powerful 3D CAD

software that allows manufacturing companies to Design with Insight and achieve

competitive advantage through cost reduction, while increasing top line

revenues. The exclusive Solid Edge Insight technology embeds design management

capabilities directly within CAD, providing insight into design intent to the

entire organization and enhancing collaboration. Insight, complemented by Solid

Edge's superior core modeling and process workflows, greatly eases the design of

increasingly complex products required to meet continually changing market

demands. The extensive Solid Edge user community is comprised of designers at

thousands of companies worldwide, including Alcoa, NEC Engineering, and Volvo.

The Solid Edge Voyager Program includes 200 integrated engineering software

applications and computer hardware solutions.



About CNH



CNH is the power behind leading agricultural and construction equipment brands

of the Case and New Holland brand families. Supported by more than 12,000

dealers in approximately 160 countries, CNH brings together the knowledge and

heritage of its brands with the strength and resources of its worldwide

commercial, industrial, product support and finance organizations. More

information about CNH and its products can be found on line at www.cnh.com .



About UGS PLM Solutions



UGS PLM Solutions, a leader in product data management, collaboration and

product design software and services with 42,000 clients and more than 2.8

million seats of technology operating in the market, is the product lifecycle

management (PLM) subsidiary of EDS. The company works collaboratively with its

clients to create solutions enabling them to transform their process of

innovation and thus begin to capture the promise of PLM. The integration of the

former operations of companies including Structural Dynamics Research

Corporation (SDRC), Engineering Animation Inc. (EAI) and UGS, UGS PLM Solutions

has created some of the leading design, collaboration and product data

management technologies that ultimately formed the foundation of the PLM

industry. Today, the company is a family of one, building on three decades of

leadership in continuing to be a pioneer in PLM. For more information on UGS PLM

Solutions products and services, visit www.ugsplm.com or www.eds.com .



About EDS



EDS, the world's most experienced outsourcing services company, delivers

superior returns to clients through its cost-effective, high-value services

model. EDS' core portfolio comprises information-technology and business process

outsourcing services, as well as information-technology transformation services.

EDS' two complementary, subsidiary businesses are A.T. Kearney, one of the

world's leading high-value management consultancies, and UGS PLM Solutions, a

leader in product data management, collaboration and product design software.

With 2003 revenue of $21.5 billion, EDS is ranked 80th on the Fortune 500. The

company's stock is traded on the New York and London stock exchanges. Learn more

at www.eds.com .



Note: Solid Edge is a registered trademark of UGS PLM Solutions Inc. or its

subsidiaries in the United States and in other countries. All other trademarks,

registered trademarks or service marks belong to their respective holders.



CONTACT:

     Mike Paludan - UGS PLM Solutions

     256-705-2544

     mike.paludan@ugsplm.com



SOURCE UGS PLM Solutions Inc.



CONTACT: Mike Paludan of UGS PLM Solutions Inc., +1-256-705-2544, or

mike.paludan@ugsplm.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS AND TECHNOLOGY EDITORS



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





