aa,PR Newswire,20080701,12:22,332178
                              497 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        July 1, 2008 Tuesday 4:22 PM GMT



New York Agency to Help Make Chicago an Interactive Capital



LENGTH: 584 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK July 1





NEW YORK, July 1 /PRNewswire/ -- Brooklyn-based, independent interactive agency

Domani Studios has announced the opening of their second office. The new agency

is located in Chicago's West Loop and provides the same integrated interactive

services as the established, award-winning New York office.



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20080701/NYTU114LOGO )



Greg Lanier, co-founder of Internet technology company Infoblox and former

director at Sapient, was appointed general manager/vice president of the new

office. Mitch Lawin, Domani Studios' executive producer of film production, and

a growing staff of seasoned interactive designers and developers join Lanier.



Known for developing cutting-edge integrated digital experiences like Allstate

Garage ( http://www.allstategarage.com/ ), Domani Studios joins the Chicago

interactive community to help meet a growing need for high-end interactive

support for Chicago's marketing organizations and world-class advertising

agencies.



"I'm thrilled about the opportunities for interactive in Chicago," Lanier said.

"There is so much talent and drive here and yet Chicago still doesn't enjoy the

same reputation for world-class digital work that you see in cities like New

York and San Francisco. Domani Studios Chicago wants to work with our colleagues

and partners in the city to change that."



The Chicago office will develop and manage its own roster of clients, but

Jonathan Hills, co-founder and creative director at Domani Studios, sees intense

collaboration between the New York and Chicago as natural and beneficial.



"More and more of our work taps into our integrated interactive film

capabilities, which includes the full in-house film production offerings housed

in our Chicago office. As Chicago continues to set up house, we'll make sure our

offerings across cities are comprehensive," said Hills. "We've even wired the

offices so it's easy for talent in both locations to work together as a team

when the project demands that."



About Greg Lanier, General Manager/VP, Domani Studios Chicago



Prior to joining Domani Studios Chicago, Greg was the co-founder and director of

marketing communications for Infoblox, an Internet technology company that was

founded in Evanston, IL but later moved to Silicon Valley after receiving

funding from Sequoia Capital. Previously, Greg was a director of content

strategy at Sapient and led emerging media for the John D. and Catherin T.

MacArthur Foundation. Greg's client work includes Alcoa, Allstate, the Field

Museum of Natural History, Land's End, The World Bank Group, Weyerhaeuser

Company, the U.S. Department of Commerce, The Aspen Institute, World Resources

Institute, Morningstar, and Nokia.



About Mitch Lawin, Executive Producer of Film Production, Domani Studios Chicago



Mitch Lawin is an award-winning broadcast and interactive film producer,

principle of Evolution Engine, and strategic business partner of Domani Studios.

He has produced commercial TV and web films for Budweiser, Volkswagen, Macy's,

Taco Bell, Allstate, and Burger King to name a few. He has produced film

projects in more than 20 countries around the globe. Mitch's work has been

honored at a number of the top industry award shows, including Cannes.



For more information, visit http://www.domanistudios.com/ .



CONTACT: Bill Fletcher, Studio Director and Founding Partner of Domani

Studios, +1-718-797-4470 x117, bfletcher@domanistudios.com



Web site: http://www.domanistudios.com/

 http://www.allstategarage.com/



SOURCE Domani Studios



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





