aa,PR Newswire US,20050921,10:00,332425
                              744 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                    September 21, 2005 Wednesday 2:00 PM GMT



CEOs From Every Sector of the Economy to Adopt Business Strategies and Projects

That Benefit Society, Environment and Economy;

Business Roundtable Launches "S.E.E. Change" Initiative to Spur Sustainable

Growth



LENGTH: 1391 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON Sept. 21





WASHINGTON, Sept. 21  /PRNewswire/ -- Seeking to leverage the power of business

as a force for good, Business Roundtable today launched a sustainable growth

initiative encouraging leading U.S. companies to embrace business strategies and

projects that measurably improve Society, the Environment and the Economy.



The initiative, called S.E.E. Change, encourages CEOs of the nation's leading

companies to commit to business strategies that combine traditional corporate

goals of higher profit and lower cost with a strong commitment to environmental

stewardship and social improvement.  Roundtable companies will be asked to set

challenging goals that contribute to both the bottom line and improvements to

the quality of life -- now and for future generations.



"Businesses are in business to generate growth, but sustaining growth is more

complicated," said Charles O. Holliday, Jr., Chairman of the Roundtable's

Environment, Technology & the Economy Task Force and Chairman and CEO of DuPont.

"The purpose of S.E.E. Change is to urge companies to adopt business strategies

and projects that are good for the environment and society -- and good for their

bottom line."



Among the first Roundtable companies to commit to participate in S.E.E. Change

are: 3M, Alcoa, American Electric Power, Citigroup, Coca Cola, Dow, DuPont,

Eastman Kodak, FPL Group, General Electric, General Motors, HSBC, ITT

Industries, Office Depot, Procter & Gamble, Sun Microsystems, Weyerhaeuser and

Xerox, and the Global Environmental Management Initiative (GEMI) will also be a

partner. As a mark of the significance placed on this initiative, the Roundtable

is running full-page advertisements in major national newspapers including The

Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, The Washington Post and USA Today.



S.E.E. Change companies will adopt sustainable growth strategies, which seek to

achieve specific improvements in environmental, social and economic performance.

For example, companies might utilize the technologies resulting from research

and development to reduce energy consumption, provide clean water, improve

hygiene or prevent disease.  And, by investing in health care, education and

training, companies can help create stable and skilled workforces and strong

markets for their products and services.  Because of the diversity of the

Roundtable's 160 member companies, spanning every sector of the economy, S.E.E.

Change is designed to give companies flexibility in determining goals in line

with their sector and business priorities.



To help companies measure and report performance, the Roundtable is encouraging

the use of a thorough set of metrics.  These metrics could cover traditional

"reduced footprint" or "eco-efficiency" measures that track natural resources or

energy consumed per unit of economic output, but also include "value-added"

metrics to assess the business impacts of sustainable investments.  These

metrics could measure, for example, the environmental improvement or enhanced

quality of life resulting from innovations that lead to valuable new products,

technologies or marketing strategies.



The initiative will include a focused effort to encourage better management of

the quality, quantity and availability of water resources.



"Without water, nothing is sustainable," Holliday said.  "Through S.E.E. Change,

the Roundtable is raising awareness of this precious resource and encouraging

company efforts to improve water quality, quantity and availability.  It's not a

requirement, but we're urging every company to consider a sustainable growth

project that addresses water."



The Roundtable will also seek partnerships with government and other

stakeholders that share a common interest in applying sustainability principles.



CEOs Declare Commitment to S.E.E. Change



"With several million new people joining the global network each week, now more

than ever it is critical that organizations more efficiently deal with the

increasing demands placed on their technology infrastructure," said Scott

McNealy, Chairman and CEO, Sun Microsystems.  "As the global market expands,

sustainable computing can help companies dramatically cut costs on data center

environmentals such as power and cooling, while still significantly increasing

capabilities of the computers that power the network.  We are pleased to join

Business Roundtable's S.E.E. Change initiative and challenge other companies in

Silicon Valley to invest in sustainable growth initiatives that will ultimately

allow everyone in the world to participate on the network."



"Experience tells us that sustainable business practices are not only socially

responsible but financially smart," said Anne M. Mulcahy, Xerox Chairman and

CEO.  "Though Xerox's corporate citizenship successes already are a source of

pride, the challenges evolving across societal, environmental and economic

spheres mean all of us must aim for even higher levels of performance."



"As scientists and as business people, we at Dow are well aware of the

importance of setting unambiguous goals, measuring our performance against them

and reporting regularly on our progress," said Andrew N. Liveris, President and

CEO of The Dow Chemical Company.  "Our stakeholders -- investors, employees,

customers, suppliers, and the people in the communities where we live and work

-- want to know how we are performing in each sphere of sustainability: social,

environmental and economic.  It is our belief that the best companies are able

to perform well in all three and that doing so is critical to their own

sustainability."



"Energy, particularly electricity, lies at the heart of sustainable development;

it powers economic and social progress and also impacts the environment," said

Michael Morris, Chairman, President and CEO of American Electric Power.  "For

AEP -- as the United States' largest generator of electricity -- the production

of such an important commodity carries many responsibilities.  As a society and

as a company, we grow more conscious every day of the impact that our actions

have on the environment, the communities we serve, our customers and our

employees.  AEP is involved in sustainable development in a variety of areas,

but our efforts are exemplified by our involvement in the Chicago Climate

Exchange, where we are voluntarily reducing or offsetting our greenhouse gas

emissions, and by our plans to build the first commercial scale Integrated

Gasification Combined Cycle plant."



"Sustainable growth is the nature of our business," said Steve Odland, Chairman

& CEO of Office Depot.  "We believe in 'doing well by doing good' and are

committed to environmental stewardship and the conservation of natural

resources.  Our commitment to S.E.E. Change is consistent with our environmental

strategy, which is values-based and market-driven, and can be summed up in three

words - Responsible, Transparent and Accountable.  It is a strategy that builds

business value while paying dividends to our shareholders, our environment and

our society."



S.E.E. Change builds on the Roundtable's history of economic and environmental

leadership, notably Blueprint 2001 and Climate RESOLVE (Responsible

Environmental Steps, Opportunities to Lead by Voluntary Efforts). Climate

RESOLVE, launched in 2003, mobilized the resources and expertise of Roundtable

member companies behind the goal of enhanced voluntary action to control

greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and improve the GHG intensity of the U.S.

economy.



"Roundtable CEOs recognize that their responsibility to society and the

environment goes hand- in-hand with their role in sustaining the economic growth

necessary to support expanding populations," said John J. Castellani, President

of the Roundtable.  "S.E.E. Change ties these benefits together in a way that

makes for better business and a better world."



Business Roundtable ( http://www.businessroundtable.org/ ) is an association of

chief executive officers of leading corporations with a combined workforce of

more than 10 million employees and $4 trillion in annual revenues. The chief

executives are committed to advocating public policies that foster vigorous

economic growth and a dynamic global economy.



CONTACT: Tita Freeman, +1-202-496-3269, or Jennifer Handt,

+1-202-496-3288, both of Business Roundtable



Web site:   http://www.businessroundtable.org/



SOURCE Business Roundtable



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





