aa,PR Newswire US,20061030,16:00,332341
                              660 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      October 30, 2006 Monday 9:00 PM GMT



Selectica Announces Voluntary Review of Stock Option Grants by Special Board

Committee



LENGTH: 521 words



DATELINE: SAN JOSE, Calif. Oct. 30





SAN JOSE, Calif., Oct. 30  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Selectica, Inc.

(NASDAQ:SLTC), a leading provider of sales execution and contract management

solutions, today announced that a Special Committee of its Board of Directors,

comprised solely of independent directors, is conducting a voluntary review of

its historical stock option grants.



This voluntary review was initiated in light of investor inquiries and of news

about the option practices of numerous companies across several industries.  The

Special Committee will retain independent counsel to assist it with this review.

The Special Committee is reviewing option grants from the date of its initial

public offering in 2000 to the present.  The Company will provide a public

statement once its review is complete.  Because the review is ongoing, at this

time, the Company has not yet determined if it needs to record any non-cash

adjustments to compensation expense related to prior stock option grants.  The

need to complete the Company's stock option review and to evaluate the necessity

of any restatement of its prior financial statements could result in a delay in

the Company's SEC or other regulatory filings, including the filing of its

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q due November 10, 2006.  Any such delays could also

affect the Company's ability to continue its listing on the NASDAQ National

Market.  In light of the ongoing review, the Company expects that it may incur

significant legal and professional fees.



About Selectica, Inc.



Founded in 1996, Selectica (NASDAQ:SLTC) provides its customers with smart

technology that accelerates profitability by automating complex business

processes in the areas of sales execution and contract lifecycle management.

Selectica customers represent leaders in manufacturing, technology, healthcare

and telecommunications, including: ABB, Alcoa, Applied Bio Systems, Bell Canada,

Cisco, General Electric, Fireman's Fund Insurance Company, Hitachi,

International Paper, Juniper Networks, Rockwell Automation, Seton Hospital,

Tellabs, Time Warner, Triad Hospitals and 7-Eleven. Selectica is headquartered

in San Jose, CA. For more information, visit the company's Web site at

http://www.selectica.com/ .



Forward Looking Statements



The statements contained in this release that are not purely historical are

forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities

and Exchange Act of 1934.  All forward-looking statements included in this

release are based upon information available to Selectica as of the date hereof,

and Selectica assumes no obligation to update any such forward- looking

statement.  Actual results could differ materially from current expectations.

Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not

limited to, unexpected developments or delays in the review.



Contact:  Tony Rossi, Financial Relations Board for Selectica



310-854-8317,  trossi@financialrelationsboard.com



CONTACT:  Tony Rossi of Financial Relations Board, +1-310-854-8317,

 trossi@financialrelationsboard.com , for Selectica



Web site:   http://www.selectica.com/



SOURCE Selectica, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





