aa,PR Newswire,20080909,20:30,332164
                              483 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     September 9, 2008 Tuesday 12:30 PM GMT



Richard Statler Joins Berliner Communications as Vice President-West Coast;

Wireless Industry Veteran Brings over 19 Years of Expertise to BCI



LENGTH: 786 words



DATELINE: ELMWOOD PARK, N.J. Sept. 9





ELMWOOD PARK, N.J., Sept. 9 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Berliner Communications,

Inc. ("BCI" or the "Company")(OTC:BERL)(BULLETIN BOARD: BERL) , an end-to-end

provider of outsourced services for the wireless communications industry, today

announced that Richard Statler has joined the Company effective September 1,

2008, as Vice President - West Coast and will be responsible for sales,

marketing and operations for the West Coast, which includes California, Nevada,

Oregon, Washington, Idaho, Arizona, New Mexico, Utah and Colorado. Mr. Statler

has nearly two decades of national and international experience in the

development of large-scale wireless communication systems, spanning start-up

ventures to large multinational telecom companies.



Rich Berliner, CEO of BCI, stated, "Richard will play a pivotal role in the

company's sales and marketing strategy as we look to expand our direct sales

channel, enter new geographical markets, and broaden our network services

portfolio. We expect his extensive operations, sales and marketing background

within our industry to serve the Company well. His experience, leadership, and

relationships within the industry will enable him to meaningfully contribute to

the continued future growth and success of our company. We welcome him to the

BCI team."



Prior to joining BCI Communications, Richard served as Vice President of Alcoa

Wireless Services, which was later purchased by SAC Wireless, where he held the

same position. Richard had national responsibilities for Business Development,

Sales and Marketing. Richard also served at AT&T Wireless Services as National

Director of Two Way Messaging. While in this role he was responsible for the

deployment of over 4,000 sites across the United States. Richard also has

international experience, having served twice as Regional Director for Airtouch

International in Europe, and again -- in the Peoples Republic of China. Richard

has also held a number of other senior management positions in the

telecommunications industry with various wireless service providers, tower

companies and service vendors.



Richard has a degree in Finance from California State University, Northridge and

an MBA from Pepperdine University. He also serves on the Board of Directors for

the California Wireless Association and is Chairman of the Advisory Board.



About Berliner Communications, Inc.



Berliner Communications, Inc. and its wholly owned operating subsidiary, BCI

Communications, Inc., are headquartered in Elmwood Park, New Jersey. BCI is an

end-to-end provider of outsourced services for the wireless communications

industry, including planning, deployment and management of network build-outs.

BCI provides wireless carriers with comprehensive real estate site acquisition

and zoning services, radio frequency and network design and engineering,

infrastructure equipment construction and installation, radio transmission base

station modification and project management services. For more information about

Berliner's services, please visit http://www.bcisites.com/ .



The statements in this press release, which are not historical fact, are

forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities

Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,

as amended. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause

actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Such risks and

uncertainties include, without limitation, risks detailed in our filings with

the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, the risk that future

trends we have identified do not materialize or if they materialize that they do

not have the beneficial effect we anticipate, as well as the risk that we will

not be able to achieve our sales and profitability goals. All forward- looking

statements in this document are made as of the date hereof, based on information

available to us on the date hereof, and we disclaim any intention or obligation

to revise any forward-looking statements, including, without limitation,

financial estimates, whether as a result of new information, future events or

otherwise.



   Contact:  Berliner Communications, Inc.

             Rich Berliner

             201-791-3200

             berlinerr@bcisites.com



   Investor Relations:

             Hayden Communications

             Peter Seltzberg

             212-946-2849

             peter@haydenir.com





CONTACT: Rich Berliner of Berliner Communications, Inc.,

+1-201-791-3200, berlinerr@bcisites.com ; or Investor Relations, Peter

Seltzberg of Hayden Communications, +1-212-946-2849,  peter@haydenir.com , for

Berliner Communications, Inc.



Web site: http://www.bcisites.com/



SOURCE Berliner Communications, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





