aa,PR Newswire,20051101,9:00,332417
                              736 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      November 1, 2005 Tuesday 2:00 PM GMT



Onstream Media Announces New Version of Its Digital Media Services Platform;

Enhanced Platform Features Improved Capabilities Targeted at the Needs of its

Growing Client Base



LENGTH: 1065  words



DATELINE: POMPANO BEACH, Fla. Nov. 1





Onstream Media Corporation(NASDAQ:ONSM), a leading online Application Service

Provider (ASP) of live and on-demand, rich media communications, today announced

a new version of its Digital Media Services Platform (DMSP). The newly enhanced

platform provides additional features and functionality developed to satisfy the

needs of an already growing number of monthly ASP customers, including: Alcoa

Inc.; AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company; KPMG LLP; MediaOne; MultiVu, a PR

Newswire company; the U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs as well as

industry-leading video communications service providers including Wire One

Communications. Clients are already using Onstream Media's DMSP for various

business requirements such as employee training, e-learning, customer

communications as well as product information distribution.



  Among the key features included in the latest version of the DMSP are:



  * Upgraded Digital Asset Management System

  * Integrated Smart Encoding and Indexing tools

  * Multi-terabyte secure storage

  * CDN services for streaming and/or downloading all formats, including

    Flash

  * Reporting tools to monitor viewership

  * Multi-format transcoding  - an easy tool to convert formats

  * An integrated media storefront that enables e-commerce using pay-per-

    view

  * A new low cost web conferencing service

  * Quickcast - a self-narrated presentation creator using Microsoft

    Powerpoint and a phone

  * Podcasting - easily creates podcasts from a single telephone call







Onstream Media's DMSP, operating within a highly secure environment, enables

customers to have total access to all of their media across their entire

enterprise. Users can repurpose that content for distribution on the web in

multiple formats for both streaming and downloadable media. The enhanced

platform is user friendly and requires no prior programming knowledge to

operate. This streamlines the approval and workflow process.



Bradley Fisher, editor of Alcoa.com, the corporate website of Alcoa Inc., noted

that, "The Onstream platform has made it easy and affordable to scale-up video

content on http://www.alcoa.com/ ."



Onstream Media's DMSP offers many key advantages to users, including elimination

of the upfront costs often associated with installations of Digital Asset

Management (DAM) software and hardware, a low monthly fee, ease- of-use that

allows anyone utilizing a web browser to use the DMSP, and a highly secure

environment for content provided by SAIC, one of the country's leading IT data

assurance companies.



"We are extremely pleased with the reception for our DMSP from our growing list

of clients," said Randy Selman, president and chief executive officer of

Onstream Media. "The latest upgrade is just the beginning, with additional

feature sets to follow that are being developed in response to specific requests

from both existing and prospective clients. We expect to add many third party

services to the platform, which we believe will serve to further enhance the

user experience, attract new customers and positively impact our future

financial performance."



About Onstream Media Corporation



Founded in 1993, Onstream Media(NASDAQ:ONSM)is a leading online Application

Service Provider (ASP) of live and on-demand, rich media communications via the

Onstream Digital Media Services Platform. Specializing in audio and video

corporate communications, Onstream Media's pioneering ASP digital media services

technology provides its customers with the necessary tools for webcasting, web

conferencing, managing digital assets, publishing content on the Internet and

establishing e-commerce storefronts to transact business online. All of Onstream

Media's services are focused on increasing productivity and revenues, and

reducing capital expenditures and operational costs of any organization in an

affordable and highly secure environment. As a result, 78% of the Fortune 100

CEOs and CFOs and almost half of the Fortune 1000 companies have used Onstream

Media's services.



Onstream Media customers include: AOL, AAA, AXA Equitable Life Insurance

Company, Disney, MGM, Deutsche Bank, Thomson Financial/CCBN, PR Newswire and the

U.S. Government.



For more information, visit the Onstream website at

http://www.onstreammedia.com/ or call 954-917-6655.



Certain statements in this document and elsewhere by Onstream Media are

"forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities

Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such information includes, without limitation,

the business outlook, assessment of market conditions, anticipated financial and

operating results, strategies, future plans, contingencies and contemplated

transactions of the company. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees

of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties

and other factors which may cause or contribute to actual results of company

operations, or the performance or achievements of the company or industry

results, to differ materially from those expressed, or implied by the

forward-looking statements. In addition to any such risks, uncertainties and

other factors discussed elsewhere herein, risks, uncertainties and other factors

that could cause or contribute to actual results differing materially from those

expressed or implied for the forward- looking statements include, but are not

limited to, fluctuations in demand; changes to economic growth in the U.S.

economy; government policies and regulations, including, but not limited to

those affecting the Internet. Onstream Media undertakes no obligation to

publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new

information, future events or otherwise. Actual results, performance or

achievements could differ materially from those anticipated in such

forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those set

forth in Onstream Media Corporation's filings with the Securities and Exchange

Commission.



  For More Information:

  Gary Geraci

  Equity Performance Group

  617-723-2373

  gary@equityperfgp.com



  Sheri Seybold

  Big Sky Communications

  925-556-9197

  sheri@bigskypr.com





CONTACT: Gary Geraci, Equity Performance Group, +1-617-723-2373, or

gary@equityperfgp.com ; or Sheri Seybold, Big Sky

Communications,+1-925-556-9197, or sheri@bigskypr.com



Web site: http://www.onstreammedia.com/  http://www.alcoa.com/



SOURCE Onstream Media Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





