aa,PR Newswire,20110615,16:31,331887
                              206 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      June 15, 2011 Wednesday 4:31 PM EST



CMU and Astrobotic Technology Complete Structural Assembly of Lunar Lander;

Shake Testing Next For Spacecraft That Will Deliver Robot to Moon



LENGTH: 894 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH, June 15, 2011





Astrobotic Technology Inc. and Carnegie Mellon University researchers have

completed structural assembly of the lunar landing craft that will deliver the

Red Rover robot to the moon in 2014. The half-ton aluminum structure will now be

shipped to Boeing Co. facilities in El Segundo, Calif., for shake testing to

confirm its soundness and its compatibility with the SpaceX Falcon 9 launch

vehicle.



(Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110615/NE20800 )



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20020422/CMULOGO )



Astrobotic plans to land the spacecraft, carrying both the robot and a

commercial payload, on the moon's Sea of Tranquility or on the Marius Hills next

to a recently discovered "skylight" leading down into a volcanic cave. The

solar-powered Red Rover will broadcast high-definition video to Earth as the

four-wheeled robot explores the moon. Astrobotic aims to claim up to $36 million

in awards from the Google Lunar X Prize, a NASA landing contract and a Florida

launch bonus. The Google Lunar X Prize is a $30 million competition for the

first privately funded team to send a robot to the moon, travel 500 meters and

transmit video, images and data back to Earth.



"This lunar lander will be a key part of our initial moon mission and we expect

to re-use this design for a series of missions that will establish Astrobotic

Technology as an ongoing, exploration enterprise," said William "Red" Whittaker,

CMU professor of robotics and Astrobotics' CEO and chief technical officer.

"It's an amazing piece of technology and it's gratifying to know that so much of

it was invented and crafted here in Western Pennsylvania."



The team used engineering simulation software provided by ANSYS Inc. of

Canonsburg, Pa., to calculate the design's strength and stiffness.

Pittsburgh-based Alcoa provided technical expertise, the aluminum used to create

the structure of the lunar lander, and the fasteners that hold the lander

together. Its largest component is a 10-foot-diameter, 1-inch-thick deck made

from two slabs of solid aluminum joined via stir welding by Concurrent

Technologies Corp. in Johnstown, Pa., and machined by Edgar Industries in New

Kensington, Pa.



Assembly took place in the Planetary Robotics Lab in Carnegie Mellon's Gates and

Hillman centers; a grant from the state of Pennsylvania enabled construction of

the lab, which was finished in 2009.



When the craft is completed, the deck will support four spherical fuel tanks

capable of carrying almost two tons of propellant. A single main engine

controlling the lander's descent will sit below the deck and eight thrusters on

the deck's periphery will provide stability. A cone-shaped structure atop the

deck will connect to the 173-pound Red Rover. The lander also can carry up to

242 pounds of commercial payload and will have rechargeable batteries and solar

panels capable of providing 500 watts of power during daylight.



In February, Astrobotic signed a contract with SpaceX to launch its mission on a

Falcon 9 rocket, the same vehicle that NASA will use to send supplies to the

International Space Station. The Falcon 9 will throw the Astrobotic spacecraft

into a lunar trajectory for a four-day cruise to the moon. Navigation software,

developed at Carnegie Mellon's Robotics Institute so vehicles could drive

themselves safely and reliably, will be used to guide the spacecraft to a soft

and precise landing on the moon. Fold-down ramps will allow the rover to roll

down either side of the lander, in case one side is blocked by a boulder or

crater.



A unique aspect of the expedition is the inclusion of interdisciplinary arts

projects created by students and faculty based in the STUDIO for Creative

Inquiry at Carnegie Mellon's College of Fine Arts. CMU Professor Lowry Burgess

is coordinating the historic Moon Arts project.



In addition to Carnegie Mellon, the mission is supported by industrial partners

such as International Rectifier Corporation and corporate sponsors such as

Caterpillar Inc.



For more information, visit CMU's Google Lunar X Prize website,

http://www.cmu.edu/google-lunar-x/, and the Astrobotic Technology website,

http://www.astrobotictech.com/. The Robotics Institute is part of Carnegie

Mellon's School of Computer Science; follow the school on Twitter @SCSatCMU.



About Carnegie Mellon University: Carnegie Mellon (www.cmu.edu) is a private,

internationally ranked research university with programs in areas ranging from

science, technology and business, to public policy, the humanities and the arts.

More than 11,000 students in the university's seven schools and colleges benefit

from a small student-to-faculty ratio and an education characterized by its

focus on creating and implementing solutions for real problems,

interdisciplinary collaboration and innovation. A global university, Carnegie

Mellon's main campus in the United States is in Pittsburgh, Pa. It has campuses

in California's Silicon Valley and Qatar, and programs in Asia, Australia,

Europe and Mexico. The university is in the midst of a $1 billion fundraising

campaign, titled "Inspire Innovation: The Campaign for Carnegie Mellon

University," which aims to build its endowment, support faculty, students and

innovative research, and enhance the physical campus with equipment and facility

improvements.



SOURCE Carnegie Mellon University







CONTACT:Byron Spice, +1-412-268-9068, bspice@cs.cmu.edu



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





