aa,PR Newswire,20080505,11:33,332200
                              519 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                         May 5, 2008 Monday 3:33 PM GMT



FERC Issues Annual License for Yadkin Project



LENGTH: 360 words



DATELINE: BADIN, N.C. May 5





BADIN, N.C., May 5 /PRNewswire/ -- The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission

(FERC) has issued an annual license for the Yadkin Hydroelectric Project

operated by Alcoa Power Generating Inc. (APGI). The annual license mirrors the

conditions of APGI's current license and will remain in effect until a new

license for the Yadkin Project is issued.



"We fully expected to receive an annual license, with the expectation that a new

license will be issued by FERC in the next several months," said Gene Ellis,

APGI licensing and property manager. "As soon as the new license takes effect,

we will move forward with implementing the many positive benefits outlined in

our Relicensing Settlement Agreement."



The Relicensing Settlement Agreement, supported by 23 organizations across North

Carolina and South Carolina, will improve water quality, extend the recreation

season, allow for increased water withdrawals from the Yadkin River and protect

the water supply during times of drought. In addition, APGI will donate or sell

more than 6,000 acres of land (approximately 40 percent of its land holdings in

central North Carolina) for conservation, recreation and game lands. That

includes the donation of more than 1,000 acres for the expansion of Morrow

Mountain State Park. APGI also has begun a $200 million refurbishment and

upgrade project that is providing new jobs and improves water quality.



"Everyone is eager to reap the benefits of our new license, especially

homeowners and recreational users who will benefit from higher lake levels, new

swim areas, fishing piers and camp sites, as well as changes to our Shoreline

Management Plan," Ellis said.



FERC staff issued its Final Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) for the Yadkin

Project on April 18. That document supports the Relicensing Settlement Agreement

and recommends a new license for APGI. In addition, the Final EIS reiterates

that a federal takeover of the project is not a reasonable alternative and will

not be considered.



CONTACT: Gene Ellis, Licensing and Property Manager of Alcoa Power

Generating Inc., +1-704-422-5606, +1-704-796-5824 Mobile,

 gene.ellis@alcoa.com



SOURCE Alcoa Power Generating Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





