aa,PR Newswire,20051102,12:39,332415
                              734 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     November 2, 2005 Wednesday 5:39 PM GMT



Commercial Vehicle Group Announces Vice President and General Manager for New

Structures Division



LENGTH: 485  words



DATELINE: NEW ALBANY, Ohio Nov. 2





Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc. ("CVG") (NASDAQ:CVGI), an innovative supplier to

the heavy truck, construction, agriculture, recreation and marine industries, is

pleased to announce that Patrick Miller has joined the company as vice president

and general manager of the recently created CVG Structures Division.



The CVG Structures Division is comprised of the Mayflower Vehicle Systems

business, which is the only non-captive producer of complete truck cabs for the

commercial vehicle sector with full service engineering and development

capabilities. Products include cab frames and assemblies, sleeper boxes and

other structural components. In addition, the Structures division produces body

in white assemblies and components for niche vehicles and multiple light vehicle

Original Equipment Specialty Platforms. As general manager, Miller will be

responsible managing all areas of this product group while building on CVG's

culture of innovation, excellence and comprehensive product offerings.



"We are pleased to have someone of Pat's caliber at the helm of this CVG

division," said Jerry Armstrong, president of CVG Americas. "His extensive

background in manufacturing, specifically in the automotive industry, will make

him a valued asset to our organization. We are pleased to have him as part of

the CVG team."



Prior to joining CVG, Miller held the position of vice president of sales and

engineering for the North American Wheel Group, a division of Hayes Lemmerz

International. Additionally, he served as vice president and general manager of

Alcoa Automotive Products. Prior to that Miller served as vice president of

sales and engineering for ArvinMeritor's Purolator Filter Division.



Miller holds a bachelor's degree in Industrial Engineering from Purdue

University and a master's degree in business administration from Harvard

University Graduate School of Business.



About Commercial Vehicle Group



Commercial Vehicle Group is a leading supplier of interior systems, vision

safety solutions and other cab-related products for the global commercial

vehicle market, including the heavy-duty (Class 8) truck market, the

construction market and other specialized transportation markets. CVG products

include suspension seat systems, interior trim systems such as instrument and

door panels, cab structures and assemblies, headliners, cabinetry, molded

products and floor systems, mirrors, wiper systems, controls and switches and

wire harnesses specifically designed for applications in commercial vehicle

cabs. CVG is headquartered in New Albany, Ohio with operations throughout North

America, Europe and Asia. Information about CVG and its products is available on

the internet at http://www.cvgrp.com/ .



CONTACT: Tony Carideo of The Carideo Group, Inc., +1-612-317-2880; orShannon

Parks of Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc., +1-614-289-5663



Web site: http://www.cvgrp.com/



SOURCE Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





