aa,PR Newswire,20120109,9:00,331822
                              141 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       January 9, 2012 Monday 9:00 AM EST



Southwest Airlines, Verizon, GE, Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Caesars Entertainment,

AIG, and Virgin Atlantic to debate global crisis and reputation management in

New York



LENGTH: 426 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK, January 9, 2012





Global crisis communication leaders gather in New York to discuss crisis

response and reputation management best practice.



Ethical Corporation and Useful Social Media have jointly announced the 17

leading brands who will join a two day New York summit next March. The debate

will focus on future corporate efforts to preserve reputation and lead crisis

response.



The importance of reputation management has become increasingly evident. Taco

Bell, Blackberry and Mattel are amongst many others who have experienced damage

to their reputation this year.Rapid changes in technology and social media have

pushed companies to revaluate the way they engage with key stakeholders.Social

media has created vulnerability to brand reputation and as Burson-Marsteller

found in a US survey, 95% of chief executives believed corporate reputation

plays an important role in the achievement of business goals. Yet only 19% had a

formal system in place to assess their corporate reputation. The importance of

corporate reputation management is beyond doubt, though few companies appear

equipped to deal with it.



Based on this discrepancy, Ethical Corporation and Useful Social Media have

brought together key leaders in the space to discuss best practice and future

strategy with their corporate peers..



Founder and Chairman of Ethical Corporation, Toby Webb stated;



"Reputation growth, preservation and crisis management are a vitally important,

yet constantly moving target for business today. I'm delighted we are hosting

this conference with our sister company UsefulSocialMedia. At the conference

we'll be debating, at a very senior level, exactly how companies can protect

their good names, and improve their relationships with key stakeholders".



Senior Vice-Presidents of Communications Strategy from companies like Southwest

Airlines,Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Caesars Entertainment, Alcoa, AIG, Virgin

Atlantic, P&G are all scheduled to speak.



Over the two days, discussions will centre on topics likehow to effectively

engage with stakeholders during a crisis, adapting to reputation vulnerability,

building corporate relations with customers, employees, NGO's etc., overcoming

reputational risks and preserving reputation locally and globally.



For more information about the conference next March 5-6 New York visit

events.ethicalcorp.com/reputation



Join the conversation on Linked in: http://linkd.in/reputationandcrisis



For more information contact:

Hayley Dunn

Ethical Corporation & Useful Social Media

+44-207-375-7236

hayley.dunn@usefulsocialmedia.com



SOURCE Ethical Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





