aa,U.S. Newswire,20070122,8:00,332325
                              644 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                      January 22, 2007 Monday 8:00 AM EST



Major Businesses and Environmental Leaders Unite to Call for Swift Action on

Global Climate Change



SECTION: ENVIRONMENTAL EDITORS



LENGTH: 759 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON,  Jan. 22





A diverse group of U.S.- based businesses and leading environmental

organizations today called on the federal government to quickly enact strong

national legislation to achieve significant reductions of greenhouse gas

emissions. The group said any delay in action to control emissions increases the

risk of unavoidable consequences that could necessitate even steeper reductions

in the future.



This unprecedented alliance, called the U.S. Climate Action Partnership (USCAP),

consists of market leaders Alcoa, BP America, Caterpillar, Duke Energy, DuPont,

FPL Group, General Electric, Lehman Brothers, PG&E, and PNM Resources, along

with four leading non-governmental organizations -- Environmental Defense,

Natural Resources Defense Council, Pew Center on Global Climate Change, and

World Resources Institute.



At a news conference today at the National Press Club, USCAP issued a landmark

set of principles and recommendations to underscore the urgent need for a policy

framework on climate change. The solutions-based report, titled A Call for

Action, lays out a blueprint for a mandatory economy-wide, market- driven

approach to climate protection.



"The time has come for constructive action that draws strength equally from

business, government, and non-governmental stakeholders," said Jeff Immelt,

Chairman and CEO of General Electric. "These recommendations should catalyze

legislative action that encourages innovation and fosters economic growth while

enhancing energy security and balance of trade, ensuring U.S. leadership on an

issue of significance to our country and the world."



USCAP's recommendations [http://www.us-cap.org/ClimateReport.pdf] are based on

the following six principles:



The principles and the recommendations outlined in A Call for Action are the

result of a year-long collaboration motivated by the shared goal of slowing,

stopping and reversing the growth of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions over the

shortest period of time reasonably achievable.



This unique cooperation of business and environmental leaders is a clear signal

to lawmakers that legislative action is urgently needed. This non- partisan

effort was driven by the top executives from member organizations- companies

with a combined market capitalization of more than $750 billion and

environmental groups with more than one million members worldwide and global

policy influence.



A Call for Action reflects a growing public concern about global warming. A

recent TIME magazine/ABC News/Stanford University poll finds that a significant

majority of Americans, about 85 percent, say they believe global warming is

probably happening. An even larger percentage, 88 percent, say they think global

warming threatens future generations.



USCAP urges policy makers to enact a policy framework for mandatory reductions

of GHG emissions from major emitting sectors, including large stationary sources

and transportation, and energy use in commercial and residential buildings. The

cornerstone of this approach would be a cap-and- trade program. The

environmental goal is to reduce global atmospheric GHG concentrations to a level

that minimizes large-scale adverse impacts to humans and the natural

environment. The group recommends Congress provide leadership and establish

short- and mid-term emission reduction targets; a national program to accelerate

technology research, development and deployment; and approaches to encourage

action by other countries, including those in the developing world, as

ultimately the solution must be global.



"The Climate Action Partnership recognizes that the undertaking to address

climate change is an enormous one, and should not be underestimated," said

Jonathan Lash, President of the World Resources Institute. "But enacting

environmentally effective, economically sustainable and fair climate change law

must be a national priority."



USCAP believes that programs to encourage efficiency and to promote cleaner

technologies in the Energy Policy Act of 2005 enacted by the last Congress and

supported by the President were a good step. However, they alone cannot get us

to where we need to be on the climate change issue. A mandatory system is needed

that sets clear, predictable, market-based requirements to reduce greenhouse gas

emissions.



The members of USCAP pledge to work with the President, the Congress and other

stakeholders to confront this vital global challenge.



SOURCE United States Climate Action Partnership







Contact: John Files, Office: +1-202-585-2077, or Mobile: +1-202-285-1706, for

United States Climate Action Partnership



LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





