aa,PR Newswire,20080627,11:38,332181
                              500 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        June 27, 2008 Friday 3:38 PM GMT



North Carolina Voters Strongly Oppose State Takeover of Hydro Project in Central

North Carolina;

STATEWIDE POLL SHOWS VOTERS OPPOSE STATE TAKEOVER BY A 3-TO-1 MARGIN



LENGTH: 573 words



DATELINE: RALEIGH, N.C. June 27





RALEIGH, N.C., June 27 /PRNewswire/ -- A statewide public opinion poll conducted

by McLaughlin & Associates shows that North Carolina voters overwhelmingly

oppose a state takeover of the Yadkin Hydroelectric Project operated by Alcoa

Power Generating Inc. (APGI) in central North Carolina. The poll found that 75

percent of voters disapprove of the state using tax dollars to take over a

privately owned and operated business; oppose a state takeover of the Yadkin

Project by a 3-to-1 margin (57% to 19%); and oppose the state getting into the

power business by a 2-to-1 margin (59% to 27%).



State lawmakers are currently contemplating whether to form a Yadkin Study

Commission that would examine water issues along the Yadkin River, including

whether or not the State of North Carolina should pursue a takeover of the

Yadkin Hydroelectric Project. The state budget passed last week by the N.C.

Senate includes this provision.



"This survey clearly shows that the voters of North Carolina strongly believe

that it is a very bad idea for the state government to take over the Alcoa

hydroelectric dams and power plant," said John McLaughlin, CEO of McLaughlin and

Associates, a national polling firm based in New York. "Philosophically, the

large majority of North Carolina voters are opposed to the concept. In practical

terms, they do not want to pay for the takeover and believe the state should

instead focus on addressing more pressing needs like education and the economy."



An executive summary of the poll, including the exact wording of survey

questions and a breakdown of results, is available at:

http://www.alcoa.com/yadkin/en/pdf/NC_APGI_Memo_0625_Final.pdf .



"The poll confirmed our hunch that voters don't want our state government taking

over private companies or getting into the power business. The surprising thing

was how strongly voters felt about this issue. Regardless of the cost, more than

70 percent of voters were opposed to the idea of a state takeover of the Yadkin

Project," said Gene Ellis, licensing and property manager, Alcoa Power

Generating Inc.



About the Poll:



The poll, commissioned by APGI, was conducted June 19-22, 2008. McLaughlin &

Associates conducted a telephone survey of 500 likely voters on June 19-22,

2008. An additional oversample provided a total of 350 interviews in Anson,

Cabarrus, Davidson, Davie, Iredell, Montgomery, Randolph, Rowan, Stanly and

Union counties.



Background on the Yadkin Hydroelectric Project:



Alcoa Power Generating Inc. (APGI) has been generating clean and renewable

energy along the Yadkin River in central North Carolina for nearly a century. It

operates four dams and powerhouses under a license from the Federal Energy

Regulatory Commission (FERC). APGI is currently pursuing a new federal license

and has been working closely with stakeholders in North Carolina and South

Carolina regarding the future management of the Yadkin Project for more than

five years. A Relicensing Settlement Agreement, signed by 23 organizations, was

submitted to FERC in May 2007. The agreement calls for APGI to improve water

quality, maintain higher water levels and provide new recreational opportunities

during the new license term. Learn more at alcoafacts.com.



CONTACT: For More Information: PR: Joyce Fitzpatrick, +1-919-247-4400,

 joyce@fitzpatrickcomm.com , or Alcoa: Gene Ellis, +1-704-422-5606,

 gene.ellis@alcoa.com



Web site: http://www.alcoafacts.com/



SOURCE Alcoa Power Generating Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



NOTES: NOTE TO EDITORS:  Interviews with pollster John McLaughlin can be

arranged through Joyce Fitzpatrick.



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.

