aa,PR Newswire,20110526,10:00,331900
                              219 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       May 26, 2011 Thursday 10:00 AM EST



Green Companies as the Main Player in a New Business Culture;

2011 Annual Summit of Green Companies held in Qingdao



LENGTH: 1040 words



DATELINE: BEIJING, May 26, 2011





BEIJING, May 26, 2011 /PRNewswire-Asia/ -- On April 21 and 22, the China

Entrepreneur Club and the Qingdao Municipal Government hosted the 2011 Annual

Summit of Green Companies and the Announcement of China's Top 100 Green

Companies in Qingdao.



Over 600 domestic and international political dignitaries, entrepreneurs,

leading scholars and NGO representatives attended this year's summit. Some of

the guests included Zheng Bijian, President of the China Institute for

Innovation and Development Strategy; Li Qun, Member of the Standing Committee of

the CPC Shandong Provincial Committee and Secretary of the CPC Qingdao Municipal

Committee; Georg Kell, Executive Director of the United Nations Global Compact;

Liu Chuanzhi, Chairman of the China Entrepreneur Club, and Chairman and

President of Legend Holdings Ltd; Yao Jingyuan, former Chief Economist of the

National Bureau of Statistics of China; Wu Jianmin, Vice President of the China

Institute for Innovation and Development Strategy; Zhang Ruimin, Chairman and

CEO of Haier Group; Jack Ma, Chairman and CEO of Alibaba Group; Guo Guangchang,

Chairman of Fosun High Technology (Group) Co Ltd; and Xu Xiaonian, Professor of

Economics and Finance at the China Europe International Business School.



The theme of this year's summit was "Responsibility and Innovation in a Shifting

World - Our Solution". The participants discussed how enterprises can make smart

strategic decisions, build a new business culture through new leadership and

innovation, and achieve more responsible business growth in an age of growing

economic, political, social and environmental uncertainties, and increasingly

frequent small- and large-scale conflicts.



Li Qun, Liu Chuanzhi and Georg Kell delivered opening speeches revolving around

the theme of the summit, and Zheng Bijian, Zhang Ruimin, Yao Jingyuan, Zhang

Yuyan and Wu Jianmin presented their thoughts through keynote speeches at the

opening and closing ceremony.



The Plenary Session fell under the theme of "Global Shifts: Pioneers'

Responsibilities and Innovations". Liu Chuanzhi; Wang Yusuo, Chairman of ENN

Group; Charles Chao, CEO and President of SINA Corporation; Wang Wenjing,

Chairman and CEO of UFIDA Software Co., Ltd.; Markus Ederer, Head of the EU

Delegation to China; Johnny Kwan, Chairman of BASF Greater China; Chen Jinya,

President of Alcoa Asia-Pacific; and Li Junfeng, Deputy Director of the Energy

Research Institute at the National Development and Reform Commission, all

engaged in insightful discussions.



In addition to debates on values for a new business culture, the summit gave

particular focus to innovative solutions through the Case Study Panels. By

illustrating their corporate innovative practices, Jack Ma; Guo Guangchang,

Chairman of Fosun High Technology (Group) Co., Ltd.; Jin Zhiguo, Chairman of

Tsingtao Brewery Co., Ltd.; and Liu Jiren, Chairman and CEO of Neusoft

Corporation, presented new ideas, systems and approaches to topics in line with

the theme of the summit, such as corporate values, information technology, using

investment to improve the business ecosystem, and developing a circular economy.



After the welcome dinner, the summit went on to the "Feast of Ideas" under the

theme of "Interpreting Global Shifts". Ten high-level speakers from the

corporate, political and academic sector, including Wu Jianmin; Feng Lun,

Chairman of Vantone Holdings Co Ltd; Yu Minhong, Chairman and CEO of New

Oriental Education and Technology Group; Ted Dean, Chairman of the American

Chamber of Commerce in China; and Sebastian Wood, British Ambassador to China,

presented their views and understandings of global changes in concise ten-minute

speeches.



On the second day, the summit revealed "China's Top 100 Green Companies", the

first cross-sectoral green ranking in China that provides a comprehensive

evaluation of enterprises' performance in sustainable development. The ranking

is compiled by the Daonong Centre for Enterprises and the Green Herald magazine.

It explores enterprises' sustainable competitiveness, finds approaches to

sustainability and encourages China's companies to lead the country's economic

transformation via green innovation. It also aims to translate benchmark case

studies into wider, collective actions to promote the sustainable development of

China's corporate sector.



The results of the Corporate Green Accounting Programme Report were also

released on the 22nd. The objective of this programme is to reveal companies'

performance in economic, environmental and social sustainable development, and

to provide statistical support and constructive feedback for growth strategies

of businesses.



Building on the public welfare actions of the previous summits, including "No

Shark-fin Buying, No Sharks Killing" and "Green Our Homeland", this year's

summit launched the "Save Our Water" initiative to encourage the corporate

sector and the public to save water, reduce pollution and protect water

resources. The renowned violinist Lu Siqing from Qingdao closed the evening with

a special concert dedicated to the initiative.



The Annual Summit of Green Companies was established by the China Entrepreneur

Club on Earth Day, April 22, 2008. It is the first cross-sectoral, international

conference for entrepreneurs in China that focuses on sustainable business

development. Many people regard the summit as a multi-faceted, top-level,

innovative international event on green development in China.



More information



Official website of the 2011 Annual Summit of Green Companies

http://2011.daonong.com/news/ Special Sina website for the 2011 Annual Summit of

Green Companies http://finance.sina.com.cn/focus/11lvgongsi/index.shtml Special

Sina website for China's Top 100 Green Companies 2011

http://finance.sina.com.cn/focus/11zglvgs/index.shtmlSpecial Sina website for

the 2010 Annual Summit of Green Companies

http://finance.sina.com.cn/focus/10zglvgs/Special Sina website for the 2009

Annual Summit of Green Companies

http://finance.sina.com.cn/forum/09zglvgs/index.htmlSpecial Sina website for the

2008 Annual Summit of Green Companies

http://finance.sina.com.cn/focus/fcgcpx/index.shtml

Contact:



Amy Zhang

86-10-62766066 x811



Liu Ya

86-10-62766066 x865

liuy@daonong.com



SOURCE China Entrepreneur Club



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





