aa,PR Newswire US,20061005,11:36,332353
                              672 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      October 5, 2006 Thursday 3:36 PM GMT



Banner & Witcoff Expands Chicago Office With Five New IP Attorneys



LENGTH: 630 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO Oct. 5





CHICAGO, Oct. 5  /PRNewswire/ -- Banner & Witcoff Ltd., a leading intellectual

property firm that is dedicated to the procurement, enforcement and litigation

of intellectual property rights throughout the world, announced today its

addition of five attorneys to the Chicago office.  With the new additions,

Banner & Witcoff now has 83 attorneys, with 43 attorneys resident in its Chicago

office.



Linda Kuczma, Bradley Rademaker, and Paul Nykaza have joined Banner & Witcoff as

shareholders. Two other attorneys, Gregory Schlenz and Shaoni Mitchell, have

joined the firm as associates. The team of attorneys has come from the Chicago

intellectual property boutique, Wallenstein & Wagner Ltd.



"Banner & Witcoff has enjoyed serving leading innovators throughout its 86 year

history and we are delighted to have these attorneys join our team," said the

firm's president, Pieter van Es. "Their diverse backgrounds complement our depth

and breadth."



Kuczma, who has 25 years of experience in the practice of intellectual property

law, has been recognized as a "Super Lawyer" and a "Leading Illinois Lawyer."

She brings extensive litigation experience to the firm and has diverse expertise

in the strategic management and procurement of intellectual property rights,

including prosecution of patent, trademark, and copyright applications, as well

as ex parte appeals and inter partes proceedings. Kuczma has also been active in

various bar organizations throughout her legal career, serving among other

positions as President of the Intellectual Property Law Association of Chicago

and the Advocates Society, Chair of the Saul Lefkowitz National Moot Court

Competition, Chair of the American Intellectual Property Law Association's

Trademark Trial and Appeal Board Practice Subcommittee, and Chairperson to the

Chicago Bar Association's Intellectual Property Law Committee of Young Lawyers

Section.



With 15 years of intellectual property experience, Rademaker is a seasoned

litigator, having served as lead trial counsel and trial co-counsel in patent,

trademark and trade-dress cases before the U.S. District Courts, the Federal

Circuit, and the U.S. Trademark Trial and Appeal Board. He also has extensive

experience assisting clients with worldwide patent and trademark portfolio

development, "freedom to operate" opinions, and licensing matters.



Nykaza's practice focuses on patent procurement and portfolio management,

primarily in the mechanical and electromechanical arts. His practice also

encompasses diverse counseling experience, opinion work and litigation support

work regarding all aspects of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and

unfair competition.



Schlenz's practice also focuses on patent preparation and prosecution, and

additionally holds diverse expertise in litigation, opinion work, licensing,

trademark prosecution and oppositions, and due diligence matters.



Rademaker, Nykaza and Schlenz's success derives in part from their diverse

education and professional experience. Rademaker previously worked as a research

assistant at Rush St. Luke Medical Center. Nykaza worked as both a systems and

automotive engineer at ComEd and Ford Motor Company. Schlenz worked as a

metallurgist at LTV Steel and ALCOA.



Mitchell has experience preparing and prosecuting patent applications, primarily

in the chemical arts, and trademark applications. She also has experience

assisting with litigation matters.



Banner & Witcoff, Ltd. is dedicated to excellence in the practice of

intellectual property law, including patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret,

computer, franchise and unfair competition law. The firm has offices in Chicago,

Washington, D.C., Boston, and Portland.



CONTACT:  Leslie Valenza, +1-202-973-1320, for Banner & Witcoff Ltd.



SOURCE Banner & Witcoff Ltd.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





