aa,PR Newswire,20110525,10:17,331901
                              220 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      May 25, 2011 Wednesday 10:17 AM EST



Investors Call on Corporate Members of National Association of Manufacturers

Board to Explain Contradictions Between Their Corporate Climate Policies and NAM

Opposition to EPA



LENGTH: 739 words



DATELINE: BOSTON and BETHESDA, Md., May 25, 2011





Nearly two dozen investors and investment organizations, representing over $200

billion in assets under management, sent letters to 43 major companies on the

Board of the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) urging them to explain

the misalignment between their own company's climate policies and NAM's position

seeking to strip EPA of its ability to curtail greenhouse gases.



Many companies that are NAM Board members have set laudable goals to reduce

their greenhouse gas emissions and overall environmental impact. Yet through NAM

these same companies simultaneously lobby and support measures to weaken, delay

or overturn Environmental Protection Agency regulations to lower greenhouse gas

emissions, according to the joint letter from 23 investors and investment

organizations.



In alphabetical order, the full list of companies is as follows: 3M Company,

Abbott Laboratories, AT&T, AEP, Air Products & Chemicals, Alcoa, Bayer, Boeing,

Clorox, ConAgra Foods, Conoco Phillips, C.R. Bard, CSX Corporation, Deloitte

LLP, Devon Energy, Dow Chemical Company, Ecolab, Eli Lilly & Co., Ernst & Young,

Exxon Mobil Corporation, Ford Motor Company, General Electric Company, General

Motors Company, Grant Thornton, H.J. Heinz, Illinois Tool Works, Inc., Ingersoll

Rand, Intel, Johnson Controls, KPMG LLP, Merck & Company, Inc., Nucor, Pfizer,

Inc., PPG Industries, Praxair, Pricewaterhouse Coopers, Procter & Gamble

Company, Ryder Systems, Shell Oil Company, Sherwin-Williams, Southern Company,

Toyota Motor Corporation, and Verizon Communications.



Stu Dalheim, director shareholder advocacy, Calvert Investment Management, Inc.

who coordinated the open letter with Walden Asset Management, said: "Any company

supporting NAM's recent letter to Congress seeking to block EPA's authority to

regulate greenhouse gases harms their public image and reputation as well as

forward progress on environmental issues."



In the letter, investors point out that, "Contrary to the claims made in NAM's

short-sighted [Congressional] letter, EPA regulations will result not only in

cleaner air and decreased GHG emissions, but also cost savings for business.

This will bring more jobs and economic growth, which we as shareholders strongly

support."



Timothy Smith, senior vice president, Walden Asset Management, said: "Companies

serving on the Board need to evaluate how their internal corporate policies on

climate change contradict the policies they support through NAM. Serving on the

Board of a trade association comes with the responsibility to govern responsibly

and hold the association accountable for lobbying that results in environmental

harm."



The letter argues the case that NAM and its member companies should support EPA

regulation of greenhouse gas emissions for three reasons: 1) the EPA rules are

not overly costly as NAM claims, 2) EPA rules will enhance manufacturers'

competitiveness by encouraging energy efficiency and cost savings, and 3) a

growing number of investors are supporting EPA regulation of greenhouse gas

emissions.



The challenge to companies serving on the NAM Board parallels challenges by

investors with companies sitting on the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Board.



About Calvert Investments, Inc.:



An investment management company serving institutional investors, workplace

retirement plans, financial intermediaries and their clients, Calvert

Investments offers more than 40 equity, bond, cash, and asset allocation

strategies, of which many feature integrated environmental, social, and

governance research. Founded in 1976 and based in Bethesda, Maryland, Calvert

Investments manages over $14.5 billion in assets.



About Walden Asset Management:



Walden has been a leader in integrating environmental, social and governance

analysis into investment decision-making since 1975. A division of Boston Trust

& Investment Management Company with $2 billion in assets under management,

Walden blends a disciplined investment style and expertise in portfolio

screening with a commitment to use shareholder leverage to improve corporate

environmental, social and governance performance and accountability.



A SAMPLE OF THE INVESTOR LETTER HAS BEEN POSTED HERE.



SOURCE Calvert Investments, Inc., Bethesda, Maryland and Boston Asset

Management, Boston, MA







CONTACT:Timothy Smith, +1-617-726-7155, Walden Asset Management,

tsmith@bostontrust.com; or Stu Dalheim, +1-301-961-4762, Calvert Investment

Management, Inc., Stu.Dalheim@Calvert.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





