aa,PR Newswire US,20070427,11:57,332278
                              597 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       April 27, 2007 Friday 3:57 PM GMT



Iceland Honors Bechtel for Environmental Excellence;

Aluminum Smelter Project Praised for Creating 'A New Work Culture' for the

Country



LENGTH: 356 words



DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO April 27





SAN FRANCISCO, April 27  /PRNewswire/ -- A Bechtel team building a new aluminum

smelter on the remote eastern coast of Iceland has won the nation's highest

environmental award.



The Shell Award, given annually, honors companies that contribute to

environmental protection and that motivate other companies to focus on the

environment. The award was presented to Bechtel at a ceremony in Reykjavik.



"Everyone familiar with Bechtel's vision on environmental affairs believes that

it has led to a new work culture in Iceland," Minister of Environment Jonina

Bjartmarz said in announcing the award.



Bechtel and its customer, Alcoa, have placed a heavy emphasis on environmental

protection in the construction of the Fjaroaal smelter, which is scheduled for

completion later this year. The project has been designed for minimal

environmental impact specifically in waste disposal. No process water is

discharged into the nearby fjord. Paper, glass, metals, timber, plastic, and

other byproducts are recycled or reused, and biodegradable waste is safely

decomposed.



"Bechtel has become an influential role model for other construction companies

and contractors in Iceland regarding environmental protection," said Bjartmarz.

"Hopefully, this award will underscore the level of success Bechtel has reached

and other contractors can reach as well, if they adopt the work plan this

company has shown us."



"Environmental sensitivity is a growing mandate for our industry worldwide,"

said Bechtel Project Manager Joe Wahba. "It is thus especially gratifying that

the Fjaroaal project has been awarded this prize."



The new smelter, which will have an annual capacity of 346,000 metric tons, is

the first project in Iceland for Bechtel. The company, a global leader in

engineering and construction, has worked on some of the world's largest and

complex projects for more than a century. Bechtel currently has projects in

nearly 50 countries, including several aluminum smelters.



CONTACT:  Jonathan Marshall, Media Relations Manager of Bechtel

Corporation, +1-415-768-2292, or  jvmarsha@bechtel.com



Web site:   http://www.bechtel.com/



SOURCE Bechtel Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





