aa,PR Newswire US,20051025,9:30,332420
                              739 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      October 25, 2005 Tuesday 1:30 PM GMT



Citect Achieves Record Growth in America;

Citect Sets Record Growth in Software, Professional Services and Support Sales



LENGTH: 527 words



DATELINE: ALPHARETTA, Ga. Oct. 25





ALPHARETTA, Ga., Oct. 25  /PRNewswire/ -- Citect announces the Americas' region

has set new records in revenue growth for 2005.  At the end of Q3, Citect has

passed 76% revenue growth YoY and 800% profit growth in the Americas' region for

the same corresponding period last year - contributing to the recent upward

revision of the company's second half earnings guidance statement to the

Australian Stock Exchange (ASX).  More importantly, Citect in America has

achieved record growth in all product areas including software, services and

support.  Citect executed a major restructuring effort in 2004 throughout the

region to more properly address MES* sales and drive growth of SCADA sales

through existing and new channel partners.



Citect has closed several strategic deals during the year, creating a

significant pipeline of professional services work leading into 2006.  In

addition to a recently announced global MES solution project with Energizer,

Citect has new projects with Alcoa, IBM, and a large SCADA and MES project with

Pacific Gas & Electric (PG&E) valued at $1.6 million.



The President of Citect in America, Darren Trumeter, attributes Citect's success

in the region to its dedicated team and a remarkable focus on quality customer

service. "We are very pleased but not surprised by our success this year - we

were estimating 70% growth at the beginning of the year and execution has been

impressive. We have excellent people serving our customer base backed up by a

strong solution commitment to our customers. Our current pipeline is a positive

indicator that our revenues in 2006 will surpass our 2005 success."



Richard Webb, CEO Citect, comments, "I am thrilled with the progress we have

made in America accelerating the growth of our business. Our strong team has

capitalized on the myriad of opportunities to deliver IT solutions and services

in this region."



Citect has enhanced many of its software products during the last 18 months and

significantly improved both functionality and benefits with the latest version

of CitectSCADA and its MES solution, Ampla.



About Citect



Citect is the leading, independent global provider of industrial automation,

real-time intelligence, and next generation manufacturing execution systems

(MES). Leveraging open technologies, CitectHMI/SCADA and Ampla connect to

multiple plant and business systems. Our products are complemented by

professional services, customer support and training, and sold in numerous

industries: mining, metals, food and beverage, manufacturing, facilities, water,

gas pipelines, power distribution and pharmaceuticals. Headquartered in Sydney

Australia, Citect has 19 offices and representation in Oceania, Southeast Asia,

China and Japan, North and South America, Europe, Africa and the Middle East.

Its products are distributed in more than 50 countries worldwide.



   *Manufacturing Execution System



    For further information:

    Christine Lesher

    Citect Americas

    Tel: 770.521.7511 x208

    Email:  christinelesher@citect.com





CONTACT:  Christine Lesher of Citect Americas, +1-770-521-7511 x208, or

 christinelesher@citect.com



Web site:   http://www.citect.com/



SOURCE Citect



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





