
                              852 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                           February 4, 2004 Wednesday



A Promise of Performance: Land Rover Concept Vehicle Makes First Chicago

Appearance



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 641 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO Feb. 4





Following its International debut, the Range Stormer concept vehicle is sure to

capture the attention of those attending the Chicago Auto Show. With its bold

design, innovative features and distinctive styling cues, this first-ever Land

Rover concept vehicle is evidence of an exciting future for the premium

sport-utility manufacturer.



The Range Stormer is a high performance, sports tourer SUV concept car, which

showcases a future design direction for Land Rover. It also previews a new

production model that will enter a fresh market segment for the company and will

be an additional model line in the Land Rover portfolio.



Commenting on the new concept, Land Rover's managing director Matthew Taylor,

said: "The supercharged V8 Range Stormer gives a taste of our forthcoming new

entrant in the booming high performance SUV segment. The production vehicle that

follows will share many of its styling and technical innovations. It is very

much conceived to be an on-road, performance machine, as well as class-leading

off-road like all Land Rovers."



Geoff Upex, design director at Land Rover, added: "The challenge was to

translate fundamental Land Rover design values into a concept for a high

performance machine that looks powerful, muscular and edgy.



We certainly want to challenge established views of our vehicles, but the Range

Stormer is still clearly an authentic Land Rover."



Future technologies previewed with the concept include an all-new platform that

will be the basis for future full-size Land Rover models. This advanced,

integrated platform, unique to Land Rover, will provide the underpinnings for

the production vehicle inspired by the Range Stormer.

    Another major innovation showcased is Terrain Response. This smart and

simple-to-use new Land Rover technology delivers the best possible on- and

off-road composure and control by optimizing the entire vehicle set-up,

including suspension, powertrain, throttle response and traction control.



The driver simply selects the appropriate Terrain Response setting from the six

available and the vehicle does the rest, using technology that offers a choice

of settings from 'dynamic' for high speed work to 'deep ruts' for extreme

off-roading.



Matthew Taylor concluded: "You'll be seeing an increasing amount of innovative

technology in future Land Rovers. But technology that makes the driver's task

simpler not more complicated, such as Terrain Response."



The Range Stormer was completed with the support of suppliers Alps (electronic

systems), Hella (interior and exterior lights), Alcoa (22" forged alloy wheels)

and Goodyear (custom made tires).



Further information on the Range Stormer is available at www.rangestormer.com.



Land Rover North America is part of Aston Martin Jaguar Land Rover with

headquarters in Irvine, California. Land Rover established operations in the US

in 1986, and now imports and distributes Range Rover, Discovery and Freelander

vehicles manufactured by Land Rover in Solihull, England. Land Rover's worldwide

operations are wholly owned by Ford Motor Company, Dearborn, Michigan. For

information about the Land Rover retailer nearest you, call 800- FINE-4WD or log

on to www.LandRover.com.



Vehicle specifications and features are subject to change. For the latest Land

Rover pricing and product information, contact Land Rover North America

Corporate Communications at (949) 341-6800.



Go to http://media.landrover.com for news releases and high-resolution

photographs.



SOURCE Land Rover North America



CONTACT: Larry Rosinski, +1-949-341-6811 office, +1-949-294-8276 cell,

lrosinsk@landrover.com, Lynne Slovick, +1-949-341-6809 office, +1-949-235-8674

cell, lslovick@landrover.com, or Deborah Sandford, +1-949-341-6184 office,

+1-949-510-0529 cell, dsandfor@landrover.com; or Media Information Center,

+1-800-665-1515 or +1-313-621-0504, media@ford.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO AUTO AND BUSINESS EDITORS



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





