aa,PR Newswire,20120503,11:53,331775
                              94 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       May 3, 2012 Thursday 11:53 AM EST



Stoneridge Names Kevin Kramer President of Stoneridge Wiring Division and Vice

President of Stoneridge;

- Former Alcoa/Goodyear executive to oversee Company's wiring business -



LENGTH: 661 words



DATELINE: WARREN, Ohio, May 3, 2012





Stoneridge, Inc. (NYSE: SRI) today announced that Kevin Kramer has been named

president of Stoneridge Wiring Division and vice president of Stoneridge. Kramer

brings to the Company significant global experience in the commercial and

automotive markets, as well as knowledge and established working relationships

with many of Stoneridge's customers. He succeeds Mark Tervalon as the senior

management team member with responsibility over Stoneridge's global wiring

business. Tervalon will oversee the global electronics business as well as the

Company's investment in PST, the Brazilian joint venture in which Stoneridge now

has a controlling interest ownership.



Most recently, Kramer served as president of Alcoa's Growth Initiatives. In that

capacity, Kramer helped to increase the company's consolidated revenues by more

than $1 billion. He joined Alcoa in 2004 as president of its Cast Auto Wheels

Division and was named president of its Wheel and Transportation Products

business in 2008. Kramer began his career in 1983 at Goodyear, where he held

various leadership positions of increasing responsibility before ultimately

being named global vice president of OEM sales in 2002.



"We are very pleased to add Kevin to the Stoneridge team," said John C. Corey,

president and chief executive officer. "His deep industry insight and knowledge

will be invaluable to us as we continue to enhance our competitive position in

the wiring sector."



Corey added, "The addition of Kevin will also allow us to strengthen our

management of other business units. We now have the flexibility to more readily

utilize our senior management team to address the strategic initiatives in our

business segments and particularly in emerging markets such as India and China."



Kramer is a 1983 graduate of The Ohio State University and holds a BSBA in

Marketing.



About Stoneridge, Inc.



Stoneridge, Inc., headquartered in Warren, Ohio, is an independent designer and

manufacturer of highly engineered electrical and electronic components, modules

and systems principally for the commercial vehicle, automotive and agricultural

and off-highway vehicle markets. Additional information about Stoneridge can be

found at www.stoneridge.com.



Forward-Looking Statements



Statements in this release that are not historical fact are forward-looking

statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events

or results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in this release.

Things that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the

forward-looking statements include, among other factors, the loss of a major

customer; a significant change in commercial vehicle, automotive or agricultural

and off-highway vehicle production; disruption in the OEM supply chain due to

bankruptcies; a significant change in general economic conditions in any of the

various countries in which the Company operates; labor disruptions at the

Company's facilities or at any of the Company's significant customers or

suppliers; the ability of the Company's suppliers to supply the Company with

parts and components at competitive prices on a timely basis; customer

acceptance of new products; and the failure to achieve successful integration of

any acquired company or business. In addition, this release contains

time-sensitive information that reflects management's best analysis only as of

the date of this release. The Company does not undertake any obligation to

publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future

events, information or circumstances that arise after the date of this release.

Further information concerning issues that could materially affect financial

performance related to forward-looking statements contained in this release can

be found in the Company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange

Commission.



SOURCE Stoneridge, Inc.







CONTACT:Kenneth A. Kure, Corporate Treasurer and Director of Finance,

+1-330-856-2443



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





