aa,PR Newswire US,20070618,9:56,332265
                              584 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                        June 18, 2007 Monday 1:56 PM GMT



25th Annual Shell ROTELLA SUPERRIGS(R) Competition Offers $25,000 in Prizes;

Premier Truck Beauty Contest To Be Held In Joplin, Mo. From June 21-23



LENGTH: 1389 words



DATELINE: HOUSTON June 18





HOUSTON, June 18  /PRNewswire/ -- Shell Lubricants announced today that the 25th

annual Shell ROTELLA SUPERRIGS(R) competition will be held from June 21- 23 in

Joplin, Missouri, at the Joplin Petro Stopping Center, I-44, exit 4. The

SUPERRIGS(TM) competition is the premier truck beauty contest for actively

working trucks.  Owner/operator truckers from across the United States and

Canada will compete for cash and prizes valued at $25,000.  Additionally, 13

lucky drivers will be selected to have their truck featured in the 2008 Shell

ROTELLA SUPERRIGS calendar.



Trucks are judged by industry professionals who work for major trucking

publications and broadcast companies.  Judges score the rigs on exterior

appearance, design, detail/finish, originality, and workmanship.  In total, 25

working trucks receive awards for categories such as Best of Show, Tractor,

Tractor/Trailer Combination and Classic categories.



This year, to honor the 25th anniversary of the SUPERRIGS competition, Shell

ROTELLA(R) will award one owner/operator with a $50,000 truck makeover by S&J

Truck Sales of Fort Wayne, Ind. ( http://www.sjtruck.com/ ).  S&J built the

"Best of Show" winning truck at the 2007 Mid-America Trucking Show Big-Rig

Build- Off, as well as the "People's Choice" winning truck at the 2006 Shell

ROTELLA SUPERRIGS competition.  Partners for the makeover contest include

Bridgestone, Alcoa, and Pana-Pacific.   To be considered for the truck makeover,

entrants were able to register online or via U.S. mail.  Additionally, entries

will also be accepted in person at the event from June 21-22.  Entered vehicles

must be in good mechanical condition, be road-worthy, and be used by the owner

in conducting his/her own transport business, and entrants are required to

submit a story explaining why they believe they should win the makeover.



"Shell Lubricants is extremely excited about the silver anniversary of the Shell

ROTELLA SUPERRIGS Truck Beauty Contest," said Dennis Doggett, general manager of

marketing, B2B, Shell Lubricants.  "The SUPERRIGS competition provides Shell

Lubricants with an opportunity to honor our loyal consumers and celebrate the

work that they do.  This year, the SUPERRIGS competition is extremely special,

as we will provide one lucky winner with a complete truck makeover."



The truck beauty and makeover contests are free to all participants. Every

entrant will receive a gift package consisting of one gallon of Shell ROTELLA(R)

T with TRIPLE PROTECTION(TM), one gallon of Shell ROTELLA ELC(TM) Extended Life

Coolant, one tube of Shell RETINAX LX(TM) Fifth Wheel Grease, one quart of Shell

SPIRAX EW(TM) Gear Oil, a 25th Anniversary Shell ROTELLA SUPERRIGS T-shirt and

baseball cap and a 2007 Shell ROTELLA SUPERRIGS Calendar.



The SUPERRIGS truck beauty contest entrants can register on site upon arrival

and enter the judging line whenever they are ready.  Judging will take place

between 9:00 am and 5:00 pm on Thursday and Friday, June 21 and 22, and 8:00 am

and Noon on Saturday, June 23.  Judging takes about 20 minutes, and contestants

do not need to be present to win. The presentation ceremony for the awards will

take place at 1:30 pm on Saturday, June 23.



Along with the above categories, awards will also be given in specialized

categories such as "Best Chrome", "Best Theme", "Best Mural", "Best Lights",

"People's Choice" and several others.  The "Best Lights" judging will be held at

dark on Friday evening, and the "People's Choice" award will be voted on

throughout the event by all contestants and spectators.



In addition to the truck beauty contest, there will be entertainment including a

Friday night concert from former American Idol contestant Carmen Rasmusen.  Joey

Holiday will also perform throughout the event.  There will also be a NASCAR

race simulator, replicating a race with the Shell Pennzoil car driven by 2007

Daytona 500 winner Kevin Harvick, and an outdoor movie night on Thursday, June

21.  Additionally, the event will feature activities, contests and prizes for

drivers not participating in the truck beauty contest.



Shell ROTELLA(R) T with TRIPLE PROTECTION heavy duty motor oil provides enhanced

engine protection, cleanliness and compatibility with exhaust after- treatment

devices such as diesel particulate filters (DPF). The advanced formulation,

representing the largest advance in Shell's engine oil technology in 30 years,

meets the latest API CJ-4 specifications for heavy-duty diesel engine oils and

the latest engine builder specifications.  Shell ROTELLA(R) T with TRIPLE

PROTECTION provides on average 50 percent greater wear protection (ranging from

27% to 88% reduced wear) than the previous formulation as demonstrated in

industry standard tests and is supported by over 20 million miles of on-highway

service using current generation engines in which significantly lower iron wear

was observed.



For more information about the SUPERRIGS competition and Shell ROTELLA(R) T

visit:  http://www.rotella.com/



The information contained herein is a summary of the rules and conditions of the

Shell ROTELLA SUPERRIGS competition.  Shell Lubricants reserves the rights to

cancel, rescind, revise or extend this contest at any time.



About Shell Lubricants



The term 'Shell Lubricants' collectively refers to the companies of the Shell

Group engaged in the lubricants business.  Shell lubricants companies are global

leaders in lubricants and operate in approximately 120 countries worldwide. They

manufacture and blend products for use in a range of applications from consumer

motoring to food processing and heavy industry to commercial transport. The

Shell portfolio of top quality lubricant brands includes Pennzoil(R), Quaker

State(R), FormulaShell(R), Shell TELLUS(TM), Shell CASSIDA(TM), Shell ROTELLA(R)

T, Shell SPIRAX(TM) and a portfolio of car care products and Jiffy Lube(R)

vehicle care services.



  Notes to Editors



   Disclaimer statement:





This announcement contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risk

factors associated with the oil, gas, power, chemicals and renewables business.

It is believed that the expectations reflected in these statements are

reasonable, but may be affected by a variety of variables which could cause

actual results, trends or reserves replacement to differ materially, including,

but not limited to: price fluctuations, actual demand, currency fluctuations,

drilling and production results, reserve estimates, loss of market, industry

competition, environmental risks, physical risks, risks associated with the

identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets and the

successful negotiation and consummation of transactions, the risk of doing

business in developing countries, legislative, fiscal and regulatory

developments including potential litigation and regulatory effects arising from

recategorisation of reserves, economic and financial market conditions in

various countries and regions, political risks, project delay or advancement,

approvals and cost estimates.



Please refer to the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31,

2004 (as amended) for a description of certain important factors, risks and

uncertainties that may affect the Shell Group's businesses.  Neither Royal Dutch

Shell plc nor any member of the Shell Group undertakes any obligation to

publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements, whether to

reflect new information, future events or other information.



Cautionary Note to US Investors:



The United States Securities and Exchange Commission ('SEC') permits oil and gas

companies, in their filings with the SEC, to disclose only proved reserves that

a company has demonstrated by actual production or conclusive formation tests to

be economically and legally producible under existing economic and operating

conditions.  We use certain terms in this presentation, such as "expected

producible resources" and "amount of reserves we expect to produce", that the

SEC's guidelines strictly prohibit us from including in filings with the SEC.



CONTACT:  Blair Hefty of Coyne PR, +1-973-316-1665, or

 bhefty@coynepr.com , for Shell Lubricants; or Tricia Singer of SOPUS Products,

+1-713-546-4833, or  patricia.singer@shell.com , for Shell Lubricants



Web site:   http://www.rotella.com/

 http://www.sjtruck.com/



SOURCE Shell Lubricants



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





