aa,PR Newswire US,20061106,8:00,332340
                              659 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      November 6, 2006 Monday 1:00 PM GMT



Nation's Premier Chemical Engineering Conference Will Be Held in San Francisco,

Highlighting Energy, Emerging Technologies



LENGTH: 479 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK Nov. 6





NEW YORK, Nov. 6  /PRNewswire/ -- The nation's top chemical engineering

conference, presented by the American Institute of Chemical Engineers (AIChE),

will be held from Nov. 12-17 at the San Francisco Hilton.



The focus of the conference will be on energy and the globalization and

diversity of industries served by chemical engineers.



Summary of Events:



Chem-E-Car Competition: One of the most popular student events in which 31

university teams race shoebox-size cars powered by alternative fuels the teams

must create.



Roundtable on the Future of Chemical Engineering: Featuring thought leaders

including His Excellency Professor George Maxwell Richards, the President of the

Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, as well as Thamir Abbas Ghadhban, Advisor on

Oil & Energy to the prime minister of Iraq, to highlight how the industry is

sustaining and continuing to build.



U.S.-Japan Joint Topical Conference on Medical Engineering: Featuring four

plenary lectures by the leading chemical/biomedical engineers in their field:

Dr. A. Hoffman, K. Ishihara, Dr. E. Leonard and K. Tojo.



The Danckwerts Lecture: This year's recipient is Professor Doros N. Theodorou

from the School of Chemical Engineering at the National Technical University of

Athens, Greece.



The James E. Bailey Award Ceremony: Honoring Robert Langer, Edwin Lightfoot and

Nicholas Peppas for their work in the field of transdermal drug delivery,

biological mass-transfer and separations processes biomedical engineering.



The Institute Lecture: Carol K. Hall, Alcoa Professor of Chemical and

Biomolecular Engineering at North Carolina State University is a leading

researcher in applied thermodynamics and molecular simulation. She will discuss

Alzheimer's and other diseases.



Lecture on Changes in the Earth's Ecosystem: Navy Vice Admiral (ret.) Conrad C.

Lautenbacher of the National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) will

talk about initiatives relating to monitoring and reporting on changes in the

earth's ecosystem.



For more information on activities surrounding the AIChE Annual Meeting, please

visit  http://www.aiche.org/annual . Interviews with speakers or details on

Chem-E-Car are available by calling Jeanette Krebs.



AIChE, celebrating its 100th anniversary in 2008, is a professional society of

more than 40,000 chemical engineers in 92 countries.  Its members work in

corporations, universities and government using their knowledge of chemical

processes to develop safe and useful products for the benefit of society.  More

information about AIChE is available at  http://www.aiche.org/ .



  Contact: Jeanette Krebs

   Phone: (717) 418-6106

   Email:  krebs@thebravogroup.com





CONTACT:  Jeanette Krebs, +1-717-418-6106, or  krebs@thebravogroup.com ,

for the American Institute of Chemical Engineers



Web Site:   http://www.aiche.org/

 http://www.aiche.org/annual



SOURCE American Institute of Chemical Engineers



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





