aa,PR Newswire US,20050429,9:46,332447
                              766 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       April 29, 2005 Friday 01:46 PM GMT



Belk, Inc. Announces Agreement With Saks Incorporated To Acquire 47 Proffitt's

and McRae's Department Stores



LENGTH: 1331 words



DATELINE: CHARLOTTE, N.C. April 29





CHARLOTTE, N.C., April 29  /PRNewswire/ -- Belk, Inc. today announced that it

has entered into an agreement with Saks Incorporated (NYSE:SKS) to purchase 47

of the company's Proffitt's and McRae's regional department stores located in 11

of the 14 Southeastern states where Belk stores currently operate.



Belk will pay $622 million for the stores, which generated a combined total

sales volume last year of approximately $700 million.  Upon completion of the

transaction, which has been approved by the boards of directors of both

companies, Belk, Inc. will operate a total of 275 stores in 14 states with an

estimated annual sales volume of $3.15 billion.  The transaction is scheduled to

close on July 5, 2005, and is subject to regulatory review.



Belk will offer all current Proffitt's and McRae's associates employment, and

will operate the Proffitt's/McRae's headquarters in Alcoa (metropolitan

Knoxville), Tenn. for a transition period anticipated through September 2005.

Following the transition period, corporate associates in the Alcoa headquarters

will either be offered positions with Belk or will be given appropriate

severance packages.



The stores to be acquired by Belk include 25 McRae's department stores located

in Alabama (5), Florida (4), Louisiana (2) and Mississippi (14); and 22

Proffitt's department stores located in Alabama (1), Georgia (2), Kentucky (2),

North Carolina (1), South Carolina (1), Tennessee (12), Virginia (1) and West

Virginia (2). Four McRae's stores, located in Dothan, Ala. (Wiregrass Commons

Mall), Gadsden, Ala., (Colonial Gadsden), Hoover, Ala. (Riverchase Galleria) and

Tuscaloosa, Ala. (University Mall), were not included in the transaction.



Acquisition Expected To Accelerate Sales and Profit Growth



"This transaction solidifies and strengthens our position in the South," said

Tim Belk, chairman and CEO of Charlotte, N.C.-based Belk, Inc. "Proffitt's and

McRae's are an excellent geographic fit.  They give us a leading position in

Tennessee and Mississippi and a stronger presence in nine other states.  In

addition, the combination will create synergies that will improve operating

efficiency."



Companies Share Rich Retail Heritage and Strong Community Ties



"Belk, Proffitt's and McRae's all share a loyal customer following and an

outstanding reputation for community service that spans many years," said Belk.

"We look forward to building on these traditions."



Transition to Take 18 Months



"We anticipate that it will take 18 months to complete the integration of these

stores, which will include the opening of a new distribution center in the fall

of 2006," said Belk.  "In the meanwhile, we will remain focused on our current

business and ensuring that our customers' needs are met."



About Belk, Inc.



Charlotte, N.C.-based Belk, Inc. is the largest privately owned department store

company in the United States.  It operates 228 fashion department stores in 14

Southeastern states and was founded in 1888 by William Henry Belk.



Certain statements made in this news release are "forward-looking statements"

within the meaning of the federal securities laws.  Statements regarding future

events and developments and the Company's future performance, as well as our

expectations, beliefs, plans, estimates or projections relating to the future,

are forward-looking statements within the meaning of these laws.  You can

identify these forward-looking statements through our use of words such as

"may," "will," "should," "intend," "project," "expect," "anticipate," "believe,"

"estimate," "continue," or other similar words. Certain risks and uncertainties

that may cause our actual results to differ significantly from the results we

discuss in our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to:  our

ability to execute our growth and expansion plans; changes in interest rates;

changes in buying, charging and payment behavior among our customers; changes in

the competitive environment of the department store and broader retail industry;

the effectiveness of our merchandising and sales promotion strategies; seasonal

fluctuations in sales and net income; our ability to contain costs and fully

realize synergies from our operational consolidations; and changes in accounting

standards or legal or regulatory matters.



For additional information on these and other risk factors, see the section

captioned "This Report Contains Forward-Looking Statements" in our Annual Report

on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2004 and our other filings

with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  We believe these forward-looking

statements are reasonable. However, you should not place undue reliance on such

statements.  We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any

forward-looking statement, even if future events or new information may impact

the validity of such statements.



McRae's/Proffitt's Stores To Be Purchased By Belk, Inc. From Saks Incorporated



   Alabama

    Birmingham       Roebuck Marketplace           McRae's

    Birmingham       Century Plaza Mall            McRae's

    Hoover           Riverchase Galleria           Proffitt's

    Huntsville       Madison Square                McRae's

    Mobile           Springdale Mall               McRae's

    Selma            Selma Mall                    McRae's



    Florida

    Mary Esther      Santa Rosa Mall               McRae's

    Ocoee            West Oaks Mall                McRae's

    Pensacola        University Mall               McRae's

    Sanford          Seminole Towne Center         McRae's



    Georgia

    Dalton           Walnut Square Mall            Proffitt's

    Rome             Mt. Berry Square Mall         Proffitt's



    Kentucky

    Ashland         Ashland Town Center            Proffitt's

    Elizabethtown   Towne Mall                     Proffitt's



    Louisiana

    Baton Rouge     Mall of Louisiana              McRae's

    Monroe          Pecanland Mall                 McRae's



    Mississippi

    Biloxi          Edgewater Mall                 McRae's

    Columbus        McRae's University Mall        McRae's

    Flowood         Dogwood Festival               McRae's

    Gautier         Singing River Mall             McRae's

    Greenville      Greenville Mall                McRae's

    Hattiesburg     Turtle Creek Mall (2 stores)   McRae's

    Jackson         Metrocenter Mall               McRae's

    Laurel          Sawmill Square Mall            McRae's

    Meridian        Bonita Lakes Mall              McRae's

    McComb          Edgewood Mall                  McRae's

    Natchez         Natchez Mall                   McRae's

    Ridgeland       Northpark Mall                 McRae's

    Tupelo          Barnes Crossing Mall           McRae's

    Vicksburg       Pemberton Square Mall          McRae's



    North Carolina

    Asheville       Biltmore Square Mall           Proffitt's



    South Carolina

    Spartanburg     Westgate Mall                  Proffitt's



    Tennessee

    Athens          Proffitt's Plaza               Proffitt's

    Chattanooga     Hamilton Place                 Proffitt's

    Chattanooga     Northgate Mall                 Proffitt's

    Cleveland       Bradley Square Mall            Proffitt's

    Greeneville     Greeneville Commons            Proffitt's

    Johnson City    The Mall at Johnson City       Proffitt's

    Kingsport       Fort Henry Mall                Proffitt's

    Knoxville       Knoxville Center Mall          Proffitt's

    Knoxville       West Town Mall                 Proffitt's

    Maryville       Foothills Mall                 Proffitt's

    Morristown      College Square Mall            Proffitt's

    Oak Ridge       Oak Ridge Mall                 Proffitt's



    Virginia

    Bristol         The Bristol Mall               Proffitt's



    West Virginia

    Morgantown      Morgantown Mall                Proffitt's

    Parkersburg     Grand Central Mall             Proffitt's

     (Vienna)





CONTACT:  Steve Pernotto of Belk, Inc., +1-704-426-1890, or

 steve_pernotto@belk.com



SOURCE Belk, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





