aa,PR Newswire,20120626,9:30,331758
                              77 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       June 26, 2012 Tuesday 9:30 AM EST



The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Alcoa, Tesla Motors, Aluminum Corporation of

China, RioTinto and Goldman Sachs



LENGTH: 1250 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, June 26, 2012





Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day

the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting

stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include

Alcoa Inc. (NYSE:AA), Tesla Motors , Aluminum Corporation of China Limited

(NYSE:ACH), RioTinto plc. and The Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE:GS).



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



Get the most recent insight from Zacks Equity Research with the free Profit from

the Pros newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5513



Here are highlights from Monday's Analyst Blog:



Alcoa Appreciates Tesla's Model S



Alcoa Inc. (NYSE:AA), one of the members of the Aluminum Transportation Group on

the launch of its Model S electric vehicle. The Model S is an electronic vehicle

that intensively uses aluminum, which reduces weight and produces zero emissions

while offering rapid acceleration and nimble performance.The ATG educates

vehicle manufacturers about the benefits of aluminum in transportation

applications and increase its usage in transportation through research and

development activities. The ATG acts as a central resource for the automotive

and commercial vehicle industries on aluminum issues. There are increasing

concerns about automotive safety and fuel economy and it is where aluminum plays

an important role in the design and engineering of cars and light trucks. As per

Tesla Motors, aluminum will reduce the overall weight of Model S to help

maximize efficiency and range. The structure of the model is designed in such a

way that it not only provides protection to the passengers, but also enables

smooth handling of the car. Aluminum forms an integral aspect of the car as

almost every parts of the car that are visible are made up of aluminum.Tesla

intends to increase the production of Model S throughout 2012 and plans to

deliver 5,000 vehicles by the year-end. Reservations for the model currently

exceed 10,000 units.



Pennsylvania-based Alcoa Inc. is among the world's leading producers of primary

and fabricated aluminum and alumina. The company is engaged in mining, refining,

smelting, fabricating and recycling of aluminum.



A few months back, Alcoa released its first-quarter 2012 results. The company

reported earnings of 9 cents per share in the quarter, compared with earnings of

27 cents in the first quarter of 2011. Excluding restructuring charges and other

items, Alcoa's profit came in at 10 cents per share, beating the Zacks Consensus

Estimate of a loss of 4 cents but missing the year ago profit of 28 cents. The

impressive results were attributable to higher production and volumes, and

improved market conditions.



Quarterly revenues inched up 0.3% sequentially to $6,006 million and edged up

0.8% over the prior-year quarter. It surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of

$5,735 million. The increase in revenues was driven by strong results in the

company's Global Rolled Products and Engineered Products and Solutions

businesses.



Alcoa competes with Aluminum Corporation of China Limited (NYSE:ACH) and

RioTinto plc. . Currently, the stock maintains a Zacks #3 Rank, which translates

into a short-term (1 to 3 months) Hold rating. We have a long-term Neutral

recommendation on the shares of Alcoa.



Legal Mess for Goldman Continues



According to Reuters, the federal judge in New York rescinded the bid filed by

The Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE:GS) regarding the dismissal of a lawsuit

charged against the bank, accusing it of selling risky debts via misleading

statements. The U.S. District Judge, Paul Crotty, has ordered the plaintiffs to

pursue the proceedings over their claims against Goldman relating to the

offering of collateralized debt obligations (CDOs) stating "Goldman's arguments

in this respect are Orwellian".CDOs typically repackage bonds and other assets

into new securities. These are not traded on a public exchange, allowing firms

like Goldman to generate fees through brokering deals between buyers and

sellers. However, CDOs have performed miserably since these were invested in

securities comprising sub-prime mortgages, which are known to have

larger-than-average risk of defaulting in the market. Eventually, the market

downturn ruined the investment banker's expectations, resulting in huge losses

for the common investors.The aforesaid lawsuit has been filed by the

shareholders of the company in Manhattan federal court. They claimed that

Goldman concealed the fact of betting against its clients by taking short

positions in four CDO transactions, which were sold to the investors.

Institutional investors, such as the Arkansas Teacher Retirement System, the

Plumbers and Pipefitters National Pension Fund and the West Virginia Investment

Management Board are also among the plaintiffs.All these plaintiffs alleged that

Goldman's act of concealing facts at the time of entering such transactions led

to inflated stock prices. Therefore, investors faced losses when the lawsuits

were filed against Goldman relating to these transactions, which led to a fall

in its share price.The complaints claimed that Goldman deceptively sold the

sub-prime mortgage-linked securities that gradually failed. In addition to that,

it misrepresented the value of instruments by providing materially misleading

statements.



Want more from Zacks Equity Research? Subscribe to the free Profit from the Pros

newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5515.



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded stocks.

Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest

analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today:

http://at.zacks.com/?id=5517



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leon Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in stock

market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his many

accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system; the

Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1 margin.

The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market insights

of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit

from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to

be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros

at http://at.zacks.com/?id=5518.



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?re

f=ts



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Media ContactZacks Investment Research800-767-3771 ext. 9339support@zacks.com

http://www.zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





