aa,PR Newswire,20100614,16:49,331986
                              305 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        June 14, 2010 Monday 4:49 PM EST



Elias/Savion Advertising Adds Kroff Inc. to Growing Base of Clients in

Industrial and Chemical Sectors;

- Agency Providing Kroff with Integrated Marketing and Public Relations Services

-



LENGTH: 610 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH, June 14





PITTSBURGH, June 14 /PRNewswire/ -- Elias/Savion Advertising, an award-winning,

full-service advertising, public relations and interactive services agency

located in Pittsburgh, Pa., has added Kroff Inc. to a growing list of clients in

the industrial and chemical sectors. The agency will provide a full complement

of services to Kroff, including marketing, creative design, media

planning/buying, public relations and Web design services.



(Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20090625/NE38596LOGO )



"This is an exciting time for Kroff Inc. as they grow from a manufacturer of

industrial wastewater treatment chemicals to a provider of unique integrated

services that help a wide range of companies exceed their water purity

objectives," said Ronnie Savion, co-founder and vice president and creative

director of Elias/Savion Advertising. "Our experience in this industry space

will enable Kroff to nurture the company's newest enterprises while remaining at

the forefront of the chemical wastewater treatment business."



Kroff Inc. is one of the fastest-growing, privately-held wastewater treatment

chemical companies in the U.S., serving a wide range of industries. For more

than two decades, the company has provided custom-blended specialty chemicals

and unique wastewater treatment services. Kroff enables companies to operate

more efficiently and cost effectively as they comply with stringent

environmental regulations. With tremendous growth in recent years, Kroff has

included services that go beyond water treatment to include materials

reprocessing, outsourcing of water treatment services, and metals production and

fabrication through Kroff Materials Reprocessing, Kroff Facilities Services and

Kroff Process Technologies.



"We are excited about the partnership we have forged with Elias/Savion," noted

Fred Potthoff, co-founder of Kroff Inc. "We are at a critical growth stage in

the history of our company, and Elias/Savion's background and expertise will

enable us to capitalize on the opportunities before us."



"Fred and I knew the importance of finding the right marketing partner as we

continue our efforts to bring Kroff's expanded array of services to the

marketplace," added Keith Kronk, co-founder of Kroff Inc. "With Elias/Savion,

we've found solid synergy, and we are confident that they will create smart

marketing solutions for us."



Elias/Savion also provides highly-customized marketing services for the

following chemical and industrial companies, including NOVA Chemicals/SYNTHEON,

Dow Chemicals, CertainTeed Corporation, Alcoa and Wheeling Corrugating.



For more information on Elias/Savion Advertising, visit www.elias-savion.com.



Elias/Savion Advertising, Inc.



Elias/Savion Advertising, Inc. is an award-winning, full-service marketing,

public relations, private broadcasting and interactive services firm

representing architecture/building, education, energy, financial, healthcare,

hospitality/destination, the legal profession, luxury marketing, professional

services, technology, telecommunications and retail. Since its inception in

1976, the agency continues to be recognized as one of the strongest forces of

creative advertising in the region. Elias/Savion is the fourth-largest

advertising agency and the second-largest public relations agency in Pittsburgh

(as designated by the Pittsburgh Business Times' 2010 Book of Lists). For more

information, visit www.elias-savion.com.



CONTACT: Jeff Donaldson of Elias/Savion Advertising, Inc., +1-412-642-7700,

jeff.donaldson@elias-savion.com



SOURCE Elias/Savion Advertising, Inc.







CONTACT:Jeff Donaldson of Elias/Savion Advertising, Inc., +1-412-642-7700,

jeff.donaldson@elias-savion.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





