aa,PR Newswire US,20061127,12:10,332335
                              654 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      November 27, 2006 Monday 5:10 PM GMT



Ohio Energy Group Prepares for Uncertainties in Electricity Prices;

New Legislation Proposed to Help Preserve Economic Development in Ohio



LENGTH: 637 words



DATELINE: CLEVELAND Nov. 27





CLEVELAND, Nov. 27  /PRNewswire/ -- The Ohio Energy Group (OEG), a consortium of

Ohio's largest industrial energy users formed to manage energy costs, is

promoting new legislation, increasing its membership and forming strategic

partnerships. These recent efforts are intended to offset potentially damaging

effects to the state's economic development from the looming threat of rising

electricity rates. OEG member companies employ more than 67,000 workers in 78

facilities throughout Ohio, and are all very energy- intensive industries.



The group is represented by Boehm Kurtz & Lowry, a Cincinnati-based law firm

that specializes in regulatory and utility matters, and by the Government

Practice Group of McDonald Hopkins, a Cleveland-based, full-service business law

firm.



The three-year-old OEG is preparing for statewide electricity rate stabilization

plans scheduled to expire at the end of 2008.  In what is expected to be an

unpredictable market to follow, large industrial users of electricity, which

typically spend about 20 percent of revenues on energy, are especially

vulnerable to the threat of increased rates.  Cases of this have become evident

through recent events in states where rate stabilization plans have already

ended.



In Maryland, higher rates caused an Alcoa smelter to close operations and layoff

600 workers.  In Pennsylvania, Allegheny Technologies, Inc., recently announced

plans to end a $400 million investment because of that state's rising

electricity costs.



"We must ensure that Ohio's largest employers are not facing an unfriendly

business climate," said OEG President Martin Suhoza.  "The outcome of

electricity restructuring is quite different than anyone expected.  Large energy

users in this state had no reason to expect rates would more than double with

the expiration of rate stabilization plans."



Proposed Legislation



In an effort to help offset the threat of increased power costs, the OEG is

actively supporting state legislation that would provide a kilowatt-hour tax

credit to heavy industrial users of electricity that make substantial capital

investments in Ohio.



Ohio House Bill 632 (Rep. Matthew Dolan, District 98) and its companion

legislation, Ohio Senate Bill 335 (Sen. J. Kirk Schuring, District 29), are

intended to provide incentives to maintain and increase industrial capital

investments in Ohio, while protecting manufacturing jobs.



Under the bill, for every $10 of capital investment, a qualifying company would

be eligible for $1 in kilowatt tax credit. No company could receive more than a

75 percent tax credit.



Under Ohio Revised Code, the kilowatt-hour tax credit is currently extended to

just four of the state's largest users.  The proposed legislation would extend

the same benefit to all companies that qualify as heavy industrial users --

those that consume more than 45 million kilowatts at one location.



As the end of rate stabilization plans near, Ohio is expected to face similar

market instability as in Maryland and Pennsylvania. Nationwide, deregulation has

not only failed to lower electricity rates, but in many cases has caused them to

rise substantially.  Capital investments, economic development and the

preservation and creation of jobs could be in jeopardy, Suhoza added.



"Ohio's recent tax reform legislation, which eliminated tangible personal

property tax and corporate franchise tax, was an important step to remove the

burdens of development in Ohio," he said. "This legislation will help build on

those principals and prevent the undoing of what has been a valuable effort to

retain and promote development in this state."



With annual energy purchases of more than $600 million, OEG members employ more

than 67,000 workers in 78 facilities throughout Ohio.



CONTACT:  Joe Mosbrook of Robert Falls & Co., +1-440-781-0010



SOURCE McDonald Hopkins



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





