
                              830 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                             April 12, 2004 Monday



Light Reading Insider Analyzes Passive Optical Networking for FTTP Deployments



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 629 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK April 12





The North American passive optical networking (PON) and fiber to the premises

(FTTP) market may be hot, but it's going to get a lot hotter in 2005 and 2006,

as an influx of new products and service provider RFPs add fuel to the fire,

according to a new report from Light Reading (www.lightreading.com).



The report -- entitled "Passive Optical Networks: 21st Century Access?" and

published by the subscription research service Light Reading Insider,

(www.lightreading.com/insider) -- evaluates technology choices, vendor

strategies, and the lessons to be learned from PON activity throughout the

world. A bright future is expected for PON as the centerpiece of carriers'

triple-play services over FTTP.



"In the near term, greenfield deployments, especially by utilities and

municipalities with long-term ROI expectations, will be the main addressable

market," says Daro Clark, the report's author. "But FTTP will not result in

higher RBOC capex; it will simply replace spending on legacy copper

infrastructure."



This report looks at the recent customer trends in FTTP/PON and explores the

barriers to widespread deployment. The Insider's conclusions include:



* The RBOC's choice of the BPON standard is the strongest validation of

 PON technology in the U.S. to date.

 * Verizon is the most ambitious RBOC, while SBC and BellSouth are less

 convinced of FTTP's short-term proposition.

 * Beyond the RBOCs, the opportunities are plentiful: Independent telcos,

 cable and utility companies, municipalities, and real estate developers

 provide PON vendors with a captive but fragmented market.

     * PON equipment prices will decline 20 percent to 30 percent in the next

       two years.

     * Regulatory uncertainty regarding RBOC unbundling commitments and other

       companies' rights to offer PON-based services is keeping in the

       industry at the bleeding edge.

     * With over 1 million FTTP subscribers and a projected 5 million by the

       end of 2005, Japan is the test bed for next-gen access networks.

     * The race is on between the EPON and GPON standards for industry

       acceptance, but ultimately the customers' existing network technologies

       will force their decisions.



Private vendors analyzed in this report: Optical Solutions Inc.; Salira Optical

Networking Systems Inc.; Alloptic Inc.; CEOS Pty Ltd., and Flexlight Networks

Inc.



Public vendors analyzed in this report: Advanced Fibre Communications Inc.

(Nasdaq: AFCI), Alcoa Fujikura Ltd. (Jointly owned by Alcoa Inc. $(NYSE: AA$)

and Fujikura Ltd.), Alcatel SA (NYSE: ALA), Fujitsu Ltd. (OTC Bulletin Board:

FJTSY), and Hitachi Ltd. (NYSE: HIT)



The report is available as part of an annual subscription to the monthly Light

Reading Insider, which is priced at $1,350. The subscription includes 12 monthly

reports covering the hottest wireline equipment and services markets. Individual

reports are available for $900.



To subscribe, or to get more information, please visit:

http://www.lightreading.com/ad_redirect.asp?ad_id=2623



About Light Reading Insider



Light Reading Insider (www.lightreading.com/insider), an electronic research

service of Light Reading (www.lightreading.com), provides independent analysis

to investors and industry leaders tracking the latest developments in the

telecommunications industry.



Marketing Contact:

     Laura West

     Marketing Director

     Light Reading Insiders

     212-925-0020 x105

     west@lightreading.com



Sales Contact:

     Dave Williams

     Sales Director

     Light Reading Insiders

     415-293-8470

     dave.williams@heavyreading.com



SOURCE Light Reading



CONTACT: Laura West, Marketing Director, +1-212-925-0020, ext. 105,

west@lightreading.com, or Dave Williams, Sales Director, +1-415-293-8470,

dave.williams@heavyreading.com, both of Light Reading Insiders



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS AND TECHNOLOGY EDITORS



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





