
                              851 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                           February 5, 2004 Thursday



Park-Ohio Names Executive to Head Operating Unit



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 308 words



DATELINE: CLEVELAND Feb. 5





Park-Ohio (Nasdaq: PKOH) announced today the appointment of Richard J. Wylie to

the company's senior management team. Mr. Wylie joins the company as president

of General Aluminum Mfg. Company. General Aluminum, based in Conneaut, Ohio,

manufactures high- volume, high-quality permanent mold, die-cast, sand-cast and

lost-foam castings.

    "This is an outstanding addition to Park-Ohio's executive management team,"

said Edward F. Crawford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Park- Ohio.

"Rick Wylie has a 25 year track record of successfully building value in the

aluminum casting industry. We expect his experience will provide an immediate

impact on General Aluminum."



Wylie spent 20 years in operational and executive positions with CMI

International, Inc. and its affiliates, one of the largest worldwide independent

foundry organizations. He was vice president and chief operating officer of

A-CMI, Inc., a joint-venture partnership created by CMI International and Alcoa,

and group vice president of aluminum and polymer operations, the largest group

within CMI International.



Most recently, Wylie was president and chief operating officer of Hitchcock

Industries, Inc., a leading manufacturer of complex aerospace castings, and

Watkins Patter Co., its wholly-owned subsidiary. Wylie earned an MBA from

Indiana Wesleyan University and a Bachelor of Science degree in industrial

engineering from The Pennsylvania State University.



Park-Ohio is a leading provider of supply chain logistics services and a

manufacturer of highly engineered products for industrial original equipment

manufacturers. Headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, the company operates 23

manufacturing sites and 35 supply chain logistics facilities. Revenues in 2002

were $634 million.



SOURCE Park-Ohio Holdings Corp.



CONTACT: Edward F. Crawford of Park-Ohio, +1-216-692-7200



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS EDITOR



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





