aa,PR Newswire,20100303,6:18,332004
                              323 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      March 3, 2010 Wednesday 6:18 AM EST



Vale Selects Oniqua Enterprise Analytics to Manage Inventory Initiatives Across

Brazilian Operations;

Global pioneering mining company implements Oniqua Analytics Suite; leverages

Oniqua's industry knowledge and expertise to optimize performance across a wide

range of strategic initiatives and assets



LENGTH: 771 words



DATELINE: BRISBANE, Australia, March 3





BRISBANE, Australia, March 3 /PRNewswire/ -- Oniqua Enterprise Analytics

(www.oniqua.com), a leading provider of analytics-based Asset Performance

Management solutions, today announced that Vale (www.vale.com) has chosen Oniqua

Analytics Suite (OAS) to manage its strategic inventory management initiatives

across its operations in Brazil. Vale successfully went "live" with Oniqua OAS

in December 2009.



With over 60,000 employees in more than 30 countries across five continents,

Vale is the world's leading producer of iron ore, and a major producer of

nickel, manganese, kaolin, aluminum, potassium, copper and coal. Headquartered

in Rio de Janeiro, the global pioneering mining company implemented Oniqua's OAS

across its Brazilian operations to support its inventory management initiatives,

which include the production of copper, iron ore and potassium; and the

management of port and railroad facilities and power generation plants.



"Vale tirelessly searches for opportunities to achieve new standards of

excellence in the mining industry," stated Fabio Cerqueira, General Manager of

Stock Management, Shared Services Operations, Vale in Rio de Janeiro. "As Vale

has grown, we realized our legacy systems were not sufficiently robust to

support the growing demands of our business initiatives. After an extensive

research and testing process, we found Oniqua Analytics Suite to be the best

choice on the market to meet our needs and demands. Oniqua's analytics solution

is extremely important to Vale, and the Oniqua team's outstanding industry and

functional expertise plays an integral role in the company's total solutions

approach."



Oniqua's analytics solutions are currently used by the world's leading companies

in the oil and gas, mining, utilities and transportation industries, including

ConocoPhillips, BP, Hawaiian Electric, Orange County Transportation Authority,

Vale, Rio Tinto, Anglo Coal, BHP Billiton, Newmont Mining, Alcoa, Xstrata and

Freeport McMoRan.



"Our partnership with Vale is further validation of Oniqua's leadership position

in providing analytics-based Asset Performance Management solutions to the

global mining industry," stated Lindsay Clarke, President, North and South

American Operations, Oniqua. "We were faced with a variety of innovative

business requirements and aggressive timelines by the Vale Inventory Management

group, and I'm extremely proud of the efforts that the Oniqua and Vale teams put

forth to successfully achieve Vale's business goals in a short timeframe."



An important aspect of the Oniqua implementation included seamlessly integrating

OAS with Vale's existing Oracle ERP system and other infrastructure

applications. The ability to leverage and dynamically improve data from

customers' ERP and EAM systems is a key value-add of OAS, which is underscored

by Sid Snitkin, Vice President and General Manager, ARC Advisory Group, in his

recent research note entitled Oniqua Manages MRO the Right Way:



"OAS can be a valuable complement to your investment in ERP and EAM systems. It

can enable you to extract additional value from the information you are already

collecting and return this through higher asset availability and lower costs.

Oniqua's experience indicates that most companies can experience an ROI of

100-400 percent and payback as fast as three-to-six months. While every case is

unique, the potential for such benefits should put OAS on the radar of every

asset-intensive organization."



About Oniqua Enterprise Analytics



Headquartered in Brisbane, Australia, and with offices in North America, Africa

and Asia, Oniqua (www.oniqua.com) provides best-in-class Asset Performance

Management (APM) solutions that improve the operational efficiencies and

business performance of asset-intensive organizations. With advanced analytics

capabilities, cross-functional integration, data cleansing services and seasoned

industry expertise, Oniqua helps customers realize tangible benefits faster than

any other APM provider. Oniqua is proud to serve the world's leading companies

in the oil and gas, mining, utilities and transportation industries, including

ConocoPhillips, BP, Hawaiian Electric, Orange County Transportation Authority,

Vale, Rio Tinto, Anglo Coal, BHP Billiton, Newmont Mining, Alcoa, Xstrata and

Freeport McMoRan.

Media Contact Information



Contact name:                                               Tania Wickman

Phone:                                                    +61 7 3369 5506

Website:                                            http://www.oniqua.com

Email:                                           tania.wickman@oniqua.com





This press release was issued through 24-7PressRelease.com. For further

information, visit http://www.24-7pressrelease.com.



SOURCE Oniqua







CONTACT:Tania Wickman of Oniqua, +61 7 3369 5506, tania.wickman@oniqua.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





