aa,PR Newswire,20081112,9:00,332144
                              463 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                    November 12, 2008 Wednesday 2:00 PM GMT



When Goliaths Clash Rereleased;

Book on Workplace Conflict Timely for Downturns



LENGTH: 475 words



DATELINE: MT. ARLINGTON, N.J. Nov. 12





MT. ARLINGTON, N.J., Nov. 12 /PRNewswire/ -- A new, paperback edition of Howard

M. Guttman's When Goliaths Clash: Managing Executive Conflict to Build a More

Dynamic Organization, has just been released, according to Mt. Arlington

Business Press, publisher of the book.



"With its hyperactivity and speed, global reach, and reliance on electronic

communication," commented Guttman, "the 21st-century organization has become a

holding pen for conflict. With mounting uncertainty about the future and the

fear it engenders, and as cut-back management becomes the new initiative of

choice, underground conflict will become an even greater performance deflator."

Added Guttman, "The invisible cost of conflict creates operating inefficiency

and dulls the competitive edge, as employees at every level become tentative and

more focused on themselves than on the marketplace."



Guttman continued, "Companies such as Alcoa, Bank of America, Coca-Cola, GE,

Xerox, and Whirlpool are already making across-the-board cuts. Why not take

steps to recession-proof organizations by making sure that employees who survive

downsizing learn to confront issues -- and one another -- head on, stay focused

on the critical priorities needed for survival and success, and step up to new

levels of performance and accountability?"



When Goliaths Clash is a powerful, original book that treats conflict as a key

business issue. Based on Guttman's 25+ years of consulting and a 10-year survey

of over 300 executive teams, and laced with dozens of real-life examples, it

combines insights into organizational dynamics with a wealth of practical advice

for how senior executives can move their organizations from conflict to healthy

confrontation to business results.



When Goliaths Clash was selected by Soundview Executive Book Summaries as one of

the 30 Best Business Books of 2003. The 2008 edition is available on Amazon.com

($16.95) or direct from the publisher ( orders@mtarlingtonbusinesspress.com ).



Guttman Development Strategies, Inc. ( http://www.guttmandev.com/ ) is a Mount

Arlington, New Jersey-based management consulting firm specializing in building

high-performance teams, executive coaching, strategic and organizational

alignment, and project implementation. GDS has been ranked #11 among Leadership

Development consulting firms by Leadership Excellence magazine. Among GDS's U.S.

and international clients are Calvin Klein; Chico's FAS, Inc.;

Colgate-Palmolive, John Hancock; Johnson & Johnson; L'Oréal USA; Mars Inc.;

Novartis; PepsiCo.; and Schering-Plough. Howard M. Guttman's latest book is

Great Business Teams: Cracking the Code for Standout Performance (Wiley, 2008).



CONTACT: Peter M. Tobia of Market Access for Guttman Development

Strategies, Inc., +1-215-402-0731, pmtma@aol.com



Web site: http://www.guttmandev.com/



SOURCE Guttman Development Strategies, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





