aa,PR Newswire,20100817,7:00,331977
                              296 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      August 17, 2010 Tuesday 7:00 AM EST



Hurray! Renamed Ku6 Media Co., Ltd., Changes Trading Symbol to KUTV;

Changes Chairman and Management



LENGTH: 966 words



DATELINE: BEIJING, Aug. 17





BEIJING, Aug. 17 /PRNewswire-Asia/ -- Hurray! Holding Co., Ltd. ("Hurray!"), a

leading company in online video portal operations, artist development, music

production, wireless music distribution, and other wireless value-added services

in China, today announced that it has changed its name to Ku6 Media Co., Ltd.,

("Ku6") and has changed its trading symbol on the Nasdaq Global Market from HRAY

to KUTV. Starting from August 17, 2010, the American Depositary Shares of Ku6

will be trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol KUTV.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20050314/CNM005LOGO)



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20050314/CNM005LOGO)



Concurrently, Hurray! announced that its chairman of board, Mr. Tianqiao Chen,

will resign from his position as chairman of board effective August 17, 2010.

Mr. Bruno Wu, currently an independent director of Hurray! and chairman of the

Audit Committee of the Hurray! board will assume the role of chairman of board.



Hurray! also announced that its acting CEO, Mr. Haibin Qu, will resign from his

position, effective August 17, 2010. Mr. Shanyou Li will assume the role of CEO

of the company.



Mr. Tianqiao Chen and Mr. Haibin Qu will continue to serve as directors of

board.



Mr. Bruno Wu is the Co-Founder and Chairman of The Sun Media Investment Holding

Group of Companies, one of China's largest privately held media groups with

investment interests in 20 media-related companies and a portfolio of over 60

media brands and products. Mr. Wu served as Co-Chairman of SINA Corporation from

2001 to 2002 and as the Chief Operating Officer of ATV, one of the two

free-to-air networks in Hong Kong, from June 1998 until February 1999. Mr. Wu

received his Diploma of Studies in French civilization from the University of

Savoie, France, in 1987. He graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Business

Administration-Finance from Culver-Stockton College in Missouri in December

1990. He received his Master of Arts in International Affairs degree from

Washington University, Missouri in 1993 and a Ph.D. in the International

Politics Department of College of Law, Fudan University, Shanghai, China, in

2001.



Mr. Shanyou Li is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Ku6 Holding Limited

which was merged with Hurray! in January 2010. From 2000 to 2006, Mr. Li served

in various senior management positions with Sohu.com. Prior to that, Mr. Li

worked for Motorola, Alcoa Group and Bausch & Lomb. Mr. Li holds a bachelor's

degree in mathematics from Nankai University and an EMBA from China Europe

International Business School.



About Hurray! Holding Co., Ltd.



Hurray! is a leader in video, music, and wireless value-added services. In

video, through its Ku6 Holding Limited subsidiary, Hurray! is a leader in online

video portal operations. This operation will be Hurray!'s primary business after

Hurray!'s other businesses, listed below, have been sold to Shanda Interactive

Entertainment Limited pursuant to the asset sale agreement entered into between

Hurray! and Shanda on June 1, 2010.



In music, Hurray! provides artist development, music production, and offline

distribution of recorded music in China through its record labels Freeland

Music, New Run Entertainment, Secular Bird, and Seed Music. Through its Fly

Songs subsidiary, Hurray! organizes concerts and other musical events in China.

The company provides online distribution of music and music-related products

that include ringtones, ringbacktones, and truetones to mobile users in China.

These tone products are distributed through wireless value-added service

platforms over mobile networks and the internet. In wireless services, Hurray!

provides a wide range of other wireless value-added services to mobile users in

China, including games, pictures and animation, community, and other media and

entertainment services.



Forward-looking Statements



This news release contains statements of a forward-looking nature. These

statements are made under the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private

Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these forward-

looking statements by terminology such as "believes," "could," "expects," "may,"

"might," "should," "will," or "would," and by similar statements. The accuracy

of these statements may be affected by a number of business risks and

uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those

projected or anticipated, including risks related to: the successful completion

of the asset transactions with Shanda mentioned in this news release; the

success of the business of Hurray!'s subsidiary, Ku6 Holding Limited; continued

competitive pressures in China's wireless value-added services market; changes

in technology and consumer demand in this market; the risk that Hurray! may not

be able to control its expenses in future periods; Hurray!'s ability to succeed

in the music development, production, and distribution business, with which it

has only limited experience; changes in the policies of the mobile operators in

China or the laws governing wireless operations and wireless value-added

services; the state of Hurray!'s relationships with China's mobile operators and

the risk that Hurray! may be subject to further sanctions and penalties from

them in future periods; and other risks outlined in Hurray!'s filings with the

Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company's annual report on

Form 20-F. Hurray! does not undertake any obligation to update this

forward-looking information, except as required under law.



For more information, please contact:



Matthew Zhao

Investor Relations Officer

Tel: +86-10-5758-6818 in Beijing

Email: ir@hurray.com.cn





SOURCE Hurray! Holding Co., Ltd.







CONTACT:Matthew Zhao, Investor Relations Officer, +86-10-5758-6818 in Beijing,

or ir@hurray.com.cn



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





