aa,PR Newswire,20080331,12:09,332217
                              536 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       March 31, 2008 Monday 4:09 PM GMT



Alcoa Power Generating Inc.: Setting the Record Straight;

Relicensing the Yadkin Project will not place North Carolina's water resources

in jeopardy



LENGTH: 678 words



DATELINE: BADIN, N.C. March 31





BADIN, N.C., March 31 /PRNewswire/ -- Despite recent claims made by Stanly

County officials, the relicensing of Alcoa Power Generating Inc.'s (APGI) Yadkin

Hydroelectric Project will not jeopardize North Carolina's water resources. The

new license, supported by 23 organizations in North Carolina and South Carolina,

will provide a host of benefits for North Carolina including improved water

quality, stronger habitat protections, land conservation and new recreational

opportunities.



"APGI has worked hard over the past 5 1/2 years with stakeholders across the

state to find a balance among all the interests in the Yadkin watershed," said

Gene Ellis, APGI Licensing & Property Manager. "North Carolina's water resources

are not -- and never have been -- at risk."



Responsible Water Management During Drought Earns Praise for APGI



APGI's management of the water supply during the ongoing drought has earned

praise from North Carolina and South Carolina state agencies, local homeowners

associations and industrial users. It is one example of how we are working with

stakeholders to find solutions and protect the water supply during periods of

scarcity.



The new license will include a drought management plan that protects North

Carolina's water supply by requiring APGI to send less water downstream and

reduce hydropower generation during times of drought.



"Alcoa has voluntarily operated High Rock since last September in accordance

with the terms we all negotiated, even though they are not technically bound to

do so. As a result, we've survived the current drought with great water levels

and significant improvement in water quality. Talk to fishermen and lake

residents, you'll find everyone is enjoying the lake this year," said Larry

Jones, president of High Rock Lake Association.



Through careful management, APGI has kept water levels at our reservoirs along

the Yadkin River well above their historical averages throughout this prolonged

drought. All reservoirs in the Yadkin Project remain near full.



Understanding the FERC Process for Water Withdrawals



Claims that North Carolina's water supply is at risk are simply not true. FERC

has approved procedures that provide for new water withdrawals. These

procedures, developed in concert with North Carolina agencies, will not change

as a result of the relicensing process.



"We've been withdrawing water from the Yadkin River since the late 1940s. Alcoa

has worked closely with us to obtain FERC approval for our withdrawals, and the

Relicensing Settlement Agreement calls for an increase of four to five times the

amount of water we currently use," said Whit Whitley, Mayor of Albemarle. "The

city of Albemarle supports a new license for Alcoa and looks forward to the many

benefits it will provide."



During the current license term, FERC approved three new water withdrawals and

allowed a municipal water user to increase its water withdrawals from the Yadkin

River.



About the Relicensing of the Yadkin Project



The Yadkin Hydroelectric Project, owned and operated by Alcoa Power Generating

Inc. (APGI), is comprised of four dams and powerhouses along a 38-mile stretch

of the Yadkin River in central North Carolina. The existing 50-year license from

the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) expires in April 2008.



The federal relicensing of the Yadkin Project has been underway for more than

five years and has involved stakeholders from North Carolina and South Carolina,

including state agencies, local governments, environmental interest groups,

homeowners and businesses. A Relicensing Settlement Agreement -- signed by 23

organizations and submitted to FERC in May 2007 -- will improve water quality,

protect the water supply during drought conditions and provide more than 6,000

acres to be used for recreation, conservation and game lands.



CONTACT: Robert Brown, +1-919-810-1901, robert@rbpr.com , for Alcoa Power

Generating Inc., or Gene Ellis, Licensing and Property Manager, Alcoa Power

Generating Inc., +1-704-422-5606 office, +1-704-796- 5824 cell,

 gene.ellis@alcoa.com



SOURCE Alcoa Power Generating Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





