
                              831 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                            April 7, 2004 Wednesday



MORNING UPDATE: Man Securities Issues Alerts for RFMD, AA, OMCL, BVF, and MWY



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 1339 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO April 7





Man Securities issues the following Morning Update at 8:30 AM EDT with new

PriceWatch Alerts for key stocks.

  (Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20020214/MANSECLOGO )



Before the open... PriceWatch Alerts for RFMD, AA, OMCL, BVF, and MWY, Market

Overview, Today's Economic Calendar, and the Quote Of The Day.



QUOTE OF THE DAY



"The market has come pretty far and it is due to spend some time consolidating,

especially since we don't know what first-quarter results and guidance are going

to be."



-- Todd Clark, head of listed trading, Wells Fargo Securities



New PriceWatch Alerts for RFMD, AA, OMCL, BVF, and MWY...



PRICEWATCH ALERTS - HIGH RETURN COVERED CALL OPTIONS -----------



-- RF Micro Devices Inc. (Nasdaq: RFMD)

 Last Price 8.27 - MAY 7.50 CALL OPTION@ $1.10 -> 4.6 % Return assigned*



-- Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA)

 Last Price 36.50 - JUL 35.00 CALL OPTION@ $3.20 -> 5.1 % Return

 assigned*



-- Omnicell Inc. (Nasdaq: OMCL)

 Last Price 14.70 - MAY 12.50 CALL OPTION@ $2.75 -> 4.6 % Return

 assigned*



-- Biovail Corp. (NYSE: BVF)

 Last Price 18.45 - JUL 15.00 CALL OPTION@ $4.10 -> 4.5 % Return

 assigned*



-- Midway Games Inc. (NYSE: MWY)

 Last Price 8.12 - MAY 7.50 CALL OPTION@ $1.15 -> 7.6 % Return assigned*



* To learn more about how to use these alerts and for our FREE report, "The 18

Warning Signs That Tell You When To Dump A Stock ", go to:

www.investorsobserver.com/mu18



(Note: You may need to copy the link above into your browser then press the

$(ENTER$) key)



** For the FREE report, "The Secrets of Smart Election Year Investing -

Insights, Stocks, And Strategies." go to: www.InvestorsObserver.com/FREEelection



NOTE: All stocks and options shown are examples only. These are not

recommendations to buy or sell any security.



MARKET OVERVIEW



Overseas markets seem bent on cheering up U.S. futures traders, as 13 of the 15

markets that we track are currently maintaining positives. The cumulative

average return on the group stands at a positive 0.329 percent. Just in case you

have not yet heard, president of the German Bundesbank Ernst Welteke is under

fire for letting Dresdner (a commercial bank regulated by the Bundesbank) foot

his hotel bill for a four-day stay at a posh Berlin hotel over the 2001-2002 New

Year's holiday. The Bundesbank's board is currently meeting to decide the fate

of Welteke, who publicly apologized and stated that he would not step down.



The Mortgage Bankers Association (MBA) Refinancing Index for the week ending

April 3 is scheduled for release this morning. The index declined by 2.6 percent

for the week of March 27. The Refinancing index slumped by 15 percent while the

Purchase Index rose by 7.6 percent. The MBA composite Market Index declined by

7.2 percent. Next week should be quite interesting. At 8:30 a.m., March Import

Prices are seen rising by 0.6 percent, advancing even further from the February

0.4 percent advance. As we have stated in the recent past, economic data

concerning jobs and inflation will most likely carry the leverage to move the

market. This report is both an indication of U.S. consumer demand for goods and

services abroad, but also an indicator for the potential for inflationary

pressures creeping into the U.S. economy. Certainly the weak local currency and

fluctuation in petroleum prices have a large influence on these numbers, but a

hugely positive surprise could adversely impact the markets (now the term

"hugely" is the unknown variable here). Finally at 3:00 p.m., February Consumer

Credit is expected to have advanced by $7.4 billion, easing from the explosive

jump of $14.3 billion in January. The Alcoa earnings report may have left a

bitter taste in investors' collective palettes in regards to the future of this

earnings season. Although the company had strong revenue growth bolstered by

rising aluminum prices, it still fell short on the bottom line, reporting

40-cents per share on expectations for 42-cents per share. After the market

close today, internet bellwether Yahoo! and biotech giant Genentech report their

recent quarterly results which could well set the tone for tomorrow's

pre-holiday trade.



Be prepared for the investing week ahead with Bernie Schaeffer's FREE Monday

Morning Outlook. For more details and to sign up, go to:

http://www.investorsobserver.com/freemo



DYNAMIC MARKET OPPORTUNITIES



Fears of global and domestic terrorism dominate the headlines. The Department of

Homeland Security (DHS) is preparing to award US $2.2 billion from the State

Homeland Security Grant Program and US $275 million from the Urban Area Security

Initiative (UASI) to state and local governments for community protection in

coming weeks. FBI and DHS alerts sent to United States police agencies

concerning alleged summer terror plots against transportation systems have only

bolstered this urgent need. Extreme Volatility Speculator's Ian L. Cooper

believes that IPIX Inc. and its CommandView 360 technology will be the next big

investment opportunity. CommandView 360, a video surveillance and security

camera, can see in all directions with no blind spots and could be a beneficiary

of a portion of federal, local and state investments. While the company's stock,

which has enjoyed volume of 40 times average in recent days, has skyrocketed 75%

over the past week, there still remains plenty of upside potential. Any news of

awarded contracts or UASI / DHS investments will be a substantial upside

catalyst. The company has already been awarded the Product Achievement Award at

the Security Industry Association's New Product Showcase and is having no

problem gaining popular attention.



The Profit Hog's Christian DeHaemer has written a comprehensive FREE report.

Read it immediately by following this link:

http://www.investorsobserver.com/agora6



TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR



    7:00 a.m.: MBA Refinancing Index for the week ending April 3 (last minus

                2.6 percent).





    8:30 a.m.: March Import Prices (seen at plus 0.6 percent, last plus

                0.4 percent).

    3:00 p.m.: February Consumer Credit (seen at plus $7.4 billion, last plus

                $14.3 billion).





Man Financial Inc is one of the world's major futures and options brokers and

has been recognized as a leading option order execution firm for individuals and

institutions. Member CBOE/NASD/SIPC (CRD6731). For more information and a free

CD with educational tools to help you invest smarter, see

www.investorsobserver.com/mancd



This Morning Update was prepared with data and information provided by:



InvestorsObserver.com - Better Strategies for Making Money -> For Investors With

a Sense of Humor. Only $1 for your first month plus seven free bonuses worth

over $420, see: www.investorsobserver.com/must



247profits.com: You'll get exclusive financial commentary, access to a global

network of experts and undiscovered stock alerts. Register NOW for the FREE

247profits e-Dispatch. Go to: www.investorsobserver.com/agora



Schaeffer's Investment Research - Sign up for your FREE e-weekly, Monday Morning

Outlook, Bernie Schaeffer's look ahead at the markets. Sign Up Now

http://www.investorsobserver.com/freemo



PowerOptionsPlus - The Best Way To Find, Compare, Analyze, and Make Money On

Options Investments. For a 14-Day FREE trial and 5 FREE bonuses go to:

www.PowerOptionsPlus.com



All stocks and options shown are examples only. These are not recommendations to

buy or sell any security and they do not represent in any way a positive or

negative outlook for any security. Potential returns do not take into account

your trade size, brokerage commissions or taxes which will affect actual

investment returns. Stocks and options involve risk and are not suitable for all

investors and investing in options carries substantial risk. Prior to buying or

selling options, a person must receive a copy of Characteristics and Risks of

Standardized Options available from Sharon at 800-837-6212 or at

http://www.cboe.com/Resources/Intro.asp. Privacy policy available upon request.



SOURCE Man Securities



CONTACT: Michael Lavelle of Man Securities, +1-800-837-6212



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS EDITOR



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





