aa,U.S. Newswire,20070718,7:34,332256
                              575 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                      July 18, 2007 Wednesday 7:34 AM EST



Energy Curtailment Specialists Featured as Speaker at FERC/NARUC Collaborative



SECTION: POLITICAL EDITORS



LENGTH: 631 words



DATELINE: BUFFALO, N.Y. and NEW YORK,  July 18





The Collaborative addressed the coordination of federal and state demand

response policies, such as the regulatory barriers to increased customer

participation in demand response programs identified in a report, "Assessment of

Demand Response and Advanced Metering", that FERC issued to Congress, last

August, in response to a mandate in the Energy Policy Act of 2005. One such

barrier is the disconnect between retail prices regulated by the states and the

wholesale prices regulated by FERC.



Paul Tyno, ECS' executive vice president and director of business development,

presented the value proposition of demand response for utilities and customers

as well as perspectives of sponsors and participants on successes and failures

in the demand response arena.



Other speakers included David Lawrence, manager of auxiliary market products at

New York Independent System Operator (NYISO), Michael Caufield, energy

regulatory affairs specialist at Alcoa, the world's leading producer of aluminum

and a member of ECS' demand response programs, James Tracy, the chief financial

officer of Sacramento Municipal Utility District and Christopher Smith, market

research analyst for Tennessee Valley Authority. FERC Commissioner Philip D.

Moeller moderated the panel.



State commissioners were present including those from Texas, Georgia, New

Jersey, Connecticut, Delaware and Idaho.



According to FERC Commissioner Jon Wellinghoff, demand response is a necessary

component of an efficient market for electricity; without it, consumers will not

realize the full benefits of a competitive electric system.



Only 5 percent of the nation's electricity consumers use some form of

incentive-based demand response program or time-of-use rates, and advanced

metering has a penetration of only 6 percent of installed meters, according to

FERC's report. It also stated that, nationally, the total potential of demand

response resource contribution from existing programs is estimated to be about

37,500 megawatts, equivalent to building more than 40 new average-sized power

plants.



"On a state and federal level, in both regulated and deregulated markets, we

need to expand the thought process, further incorporating proven opportunities

such as demand response into the energy pyramid alongside efficiency and

conservation," said Mr. Tyno.



Demand response is drumming up more support as former public service officials

get involved, like William Flynn, former chairman of New York State Public

Service Commission and past president of New York State Energy Research and

Development Authority, and Paul Afonso, former chairman of Massachusetts

Department of Telecommunications and Energy (now Public Utilities Commission),

who both joined ECS' advisory board this year.



At energy conferences around the country in recent months, there has even been

talk of demand response becoming labeled as the "fifth type of fuel" or a

renewable resource.



"The greenest megawatt may be the one we don't use," said Mr. Tyno.



About Energy Curtailment Specialists, Inc.



Energy Curtailment Specialists, Inc. is the largest privately held demand

response provider in the United States. ECS offers turnkey, administrative and a

la carte demand response services. For more information, call 877-711-5453 or

visit www.ecsdemandresponse.com.





    Contact:

    Julie Bevilacqua

    877-711-5453 x224

    716-957-4920 (cell)





Available Topic Expert(s): For information on the listed expert(s), click

appropriate link.



    Glen Smith

    http://profnet.prnewswire.com/Subscriber/ExpertProfile.aspx?ei=34707

    Stephen Lynch

    http://profnet.prnewswire.com/Subscriber/ExpertProfile.aspx?ei=50120





SOURCE Energy Curtailment Specialists, Inc.







Contact: Julie Bevilacqua of Energy Curtailment Specialists, Inc.,

+1-877-711-5453, x224, cell, +1-716-957-4920



LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





