aa,PR Newswire,20110124,9:14,331950
                              269 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      January 24, 2011 Monday 9:14 AM EST



Jeffrey R. Hennion Joins Branding Brand Board of Advisors



LENGTH: 443 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH, Jan. 24, 2011





PITTSBURGH, Jan. 24, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Branding Brand today announced that

Jeffrey R. Hennion has joined the Company as a member of its Board of Advisors.



"We are honored to welcome Jeff to the team," said Chris Mason, Branding Brand's

co-founder. "Jeff has an entrepreneurial spirit with C-suite perspective. In

addition to being a marketing and e-commerce thought-leader, he has proven

expertise in growing a business from all angles."



Hennion currently serves as the executive vice president and chief branding

officer at General Nutrition Centers, Inc. (GNC) with responsibility for

managing the company's marketing and e-commerce functions. Prior to GNC, he

spent 10 years at Dick's Sporting Goods in a variety of positions, including

executive vice president and chief marketing officer responsible for marketing

and e-commerce, senior vice president, strategic planning, and vice president,

finance, during the time the company completed its IPO. Hennion also spent 11

years at Alcoa, Inc. in a variety of corporate finance and treasury functions in

the U.S. and Europe, including positions as assistant treasurer and director,

investor relations.



Hennion has been a member of the board of directors for the Carnegie Museum of

Natural History, the Pittsburgh Penguins Foundation, and the Pittsburgh

Marathon, as well as an adjunct professor at Duquesne University's Graduate

School of Business. He currently also serves as a policy advisor to the CMO

Council and was named by the Pittsburgh Ad Federation to their Hall of

Achievement.



"Advances in technology and changes in consumer behavior are paving the way for

a substantial growth in mobile and distributed commerce and continued growth in

social media," said Hennion. "I am pleased to join the team at Branding Brand, a

company poised to launch themselves into the leadership position in this

rapidly-emerging area."



ABOUT BRANDING BRAND



Branding Brand provides retailers with turn-key solutions for mobile commerce

and social media. Based in Pittsburgh, PA, Branding Brand's in-house design and

development teams quickly re-expresses websites across multiple

channels-including mobile phones, apps, tablets, and Facebook-while adding

enhanced functionality and aesthetics. Recognized by Apple as well as Forrester

Research, its clients include Bon-Ton, Carnival Cruise Lines, Drugstore.com,

GNC, Nebraska Furniture Mart, Sephora, Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide,

and Steve Madden. For additional information about Branding Brand's mCommerce

and fCommerce offerings, visit http://www.brandingbrand.com.



SOURCE Branding Brand







CONTACT:Christina Koshzow , +1-412-519-0720, christina@brandingbrand.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





