aa,PR Newswire US,20061019,17:08,332344
                              663 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                     October 19, 2006 Thursday 9:08 PM GMT



Knoxville-Oak Ridge Innovation Valley Governments Cooperate, Attract Anchor

Tenant to New High Tech Park



LENGTH: 668 words



DATELINE: MARYVILLE, Tenn. Oct. 19





MARYVILLE, Tenn., Oct. 19  /PRNewswire/ -- Economic regionalism in the

Knoxville-Oak Ridge Innovation Valley is paying off in the form of a state-of-

the art high tech park with a cutting edge anchor tenant, officials announced

today.



The city mayors of Alcoa and Maryville as well as the mayors of Blount and Knox

Counties and the Economic Development Board of Blount County have named their

450-acre park located near McGhee Tyson regional airport the Pellissippi

Research Centre, On the Oak Ridge Corridor. They announced the park's first

tenant will be Molecular Pathology Laboratory Network (MPLN).  The Maryville-

based molecular diagnostic company will build a new 70,000-square-foot, state-

of-the-art laboratory on a promontory in the new park.



MPLN president Dr. Roger Hubbard called it "the perfect environment for a

company like ours to recruit world class employees and to draw upon the unique

resources found in the Innovation Valley."  Hubbard said he expects MPLN to

increase from about 100 employees to 500 professionals within the next five to

ten years. He said most of the new hires would have Master's, MD or Ph.D.

degrees.



The four governments will share the $20 million price tag of the park property

and infrastructure construction, then will split revenues from land sales and

property taxes evenly. The park's progressive design will combine corporate

development, research and technology components alongside retail and residential

areas in a college campus-type setting.



City and county officials say the park will help build upon the full range of

the Innovation Valley's high tech assets.



"With the resources located near this park, including the University of

Tennessee, Oak Ridge and the airport, along with our skilled and dedicated East

Tennessee work force, we have the people, power and place to create a unique

facility," said Alcoa Mayor Don Mull.



"This sets the stage for other high profile companies to move in to the park,"

said Knox County Mayor Mike Ragsdale.



The naming of the park and announcement of its first tenant comes on the heels

of major expansions at auto supplier Denso, Eldon/Rubbermaid, Marriott

Headquarters Financial Division, Cobalt Yachts, Brinks Security, National

Partitions, SYSCO, Christensen Yachts and other major employers throughout the

Innovation Valley.



Nearby Oak Ridge National Laboratory has also undergone a resurgence, especially

in the area of materials science, with a Department of Energy investment of

nearly $2 billion in nano-, bio- and information technology assets.



A robust support network is also in place to bring new ideas to market and to

provide the physical assets such companies as MPNL need to expand.



The Innovation Valley, for example, is home to numerous industrial parks and

incubator facilities including the Horizon and Heritage Center, a proposed

Innovation Valley Science and Technology Park at the Oak Ridge National

Laboratory and a new business incubator planned on the University of Tennessee

campus in Knoxville.  The Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) is another major

resource in the region's economic development. The region has an active job

creation and capital investment program.



The Economic Research Institute recently named the Innovation Valley the best

place in the U.S. for recent college graduates based on affordability. In May of

this year, Forbes magazine moved the region's business ranking from 17th to

fifth place in the nation, ahead of all other Tennessee metro areas in overall

rankings.



Blount County Mayor Jerry Cunningham called today's announcements "a big step

forward, not only for Blount County, but the entire Innovation Valley region."



Infrastructure construction at the new park is scheduled to be completed in 18

months.



For more information about the park, contact the Economic Development Board of

Blount County (865) 983-7715.



CONTACT:  Economic Development Board of Blount County, +1-865-983-7715



Web site:   http://www.eteda.org/



SOURCE Economic Development Board of Blount County



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





