aa,PR Newswire US,20060814,12:25,332359
                              678 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       August 14, 2006 Monday 4:25 PM GMT



Maxwell Technologies and Alcoa AFL Automotive Sign Memorandum of Understanding

to Develop Cold Start System for Commercial Vehicles;

Ultracapacitors' Burst Power Capabilities Improve Starting Performance, Extend

Battery Life



LENGTH: 852 words



DATELINE: SAN DIEGO and DETROIT Aug. 14





SAN DIEGO and DETROIT, Aug. 14  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Alcoa AFL Automotive

and Maxwell Technologies (NASDAQ:MXWL) announced today that they have signed a

memorandum of understanding to collaborate on the development of a cold start

system for the commercial transportation market.  The companies will incorporate

Maxwell's BOOSTCAP(R) ultracapacitors with AFL's power management system to

develop an efficient engine starting system.



"This phase will focus on the meshing of Alcoa's and Maxwell's technologies to

produce the cold start system, with a goal of producing a system ready for

testing and evaluation by truck OEMs by the end of the first quarter, 2007,"

said Allen Zwierzchowski, President, Worldwide Components AFL Automotive.



"AFL and Maxwell have been interacting technically for some time, and we have

identified cold starting for commercial trucks as a significant market

opportunity that the companies have agreed to address through a formal

collaboration," said Dr. Richard Balanson, Maxwell's president and chief

executive officer.



"AFL is a highly respected Tier 1 supplier to the automotive and commercial

vehicle industries.  Their electronic systems design expertise, manufacturing

resources and strong worldwide contacts with auto and truck OEMs complement

Maxwell's capabilities as a leading provider of energy storage and power

delivery solutions," Balanson continued.



Helps save fuel and emissions; reduces costs to fleet owners



Increasing environmental regulations preclude the ability of operators to allow

their trucks to run all night.  More than 20 states have enacted or are

proposing regulations that prohibit running diesel truck engines overnight to

power so-called "hotel loads" -- heating, cooling, entertainment and other

driver comfort feature.  Running those loads on battery power all night can

leave the batteries with insufficient power to start the vehicle in the morning,

especially in cold weather.  "With the AFL-Maxwell cold starting system, the

ultracapacitor pack would provide what amounts to an on-board jump-start

capability," Zwierzchowski explained.



"In addition, fleet owners incur significant costs due to vehicle downtime and

jump-starting stranded trucks.  Incorporating ultracapacitors to relieve

batteries of demanding short-duration, high-current loads, such as cold

starting, will improve overall system performance and reliability, extend

battery life, and reduce battery maintenance and replacement costs,"

Zwierzchowski said.



About AFL Automotive



AFL Automotive, an Alcoa business, is a world leader in the design, development

and production of high quality electrical and electronic distribution systems

for personal and commercial vehicles, working with vehicle manufacturers and

their sub-suppliers in the major automotive centers in China, Japan, Asia,

Europe and the United States.  AFL Automotive has more than 60 locations in 11

countries and 35,000 associates around the world focused on its customers.  To

learn more about AFL Automotive visit  http://www.alcoa.com/



About Maxwell Technologies



Maxwell is a leading developer and manufacturer of innovative, cost-effective

energy storage and power delivery solutions.  Our BOOSTCAP(R) ultracapacitor

cells and multi-cell modules and POWERCACHE(R) backup power systems provide safe

and reliable power solutions for applications in consumer and industrial

electronics, transportation and telecommunications.  Our CONDIS(R) high-voltage

grading and coupling capacitors help to ensure the safety and reliability of

electric utility infrastructure and other applications involving transport,

distribution and measurement of high-voltage electrical energy.  Our

radiation-mitigated microelectronic products include power modules, memory

modules and single board computers that incorporate powerful commercial silicon

for superior performance and high reliability in aerospace applications.  For

more information, please visit our website:  http://www.maxwell.com/



About Alcoa



Alcoa is the world's leading producer and manager of primary aluminum,

fabricated aluminum and alumina facilities, and is active in all major aspects

of the industry.  Alcoa serves the aerospace, automotive, packaging, building

and construction, commercial transportation and industrial markets, bringing

design, engineering, production and other capabilities of Alcoa's businesses to

customers.  In addition to aluminum products and components, Alcoa also markets

consumer brands including Reynolds Wrap(R) foils and plastic wraps, Alcoa(R)

wheels, and Baco(R) household wraps.  Among its other businesses are closures,

fastening systems, precision castings, and electrical distribution systems for

cars and trucks.  The company has 129,000 employees in 44 countries and has been

named one of the top most sustainable corporations in the world at the World

Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.  More information can be found at

http://www.alcoa.com/ .



CONTACT:  Michael Sund of Maxwell Technologies, +1-858-503-3233



Web site:   http://www.maxwell.com/

 http://www.alcoa.com/



SOURCE Maxwell Technologies; Alcoa AFL Automotive



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





