aa,U.S. Newswire,20080707,13:55,332177
                              496 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                        July 7, 2008 Monday 1:55 PM EST



New Poll Indicates North Carolina Voters Strongly Favor Public Control of Water

in the Yadkin River Basin



SECTION: ENERGY EDITORS



LENGTH: 590 words



DATELINE: STANLY COUNTY, N.C.,  July 7





In a poll commissioned by the North Carolina Water Rights Committee to gauge

public opinion regarding Alcoa's efforts for renewal of a 50-year federal

license for a monopoly on hydroelectric power from the Yadkin River Basin in

Stanly County ("the Yadkin Hydroelectric Project"), North Carolina voters

overwhelmingly say that the people of North Carolina, rather than a

multinational firm like Alcoa, should control water rights in the Yadkin River.

Additionally, the survey found that by at least a 2-to-1 margin, voters in every

region of North Carolina say the state should take time to study the renewal of

Alcoa's license because this issue will affect North Carolina's economy, the

environment, and access to water for the next 50 years. Results were the same

across all political affiliations, ethnic groups and genders.



The North Carolina Water Rights Committee authorized Hamilton Campaigns of

Washington, D.C. to conduct a telephone poll of 500 likely N.C. voters between

June 30 and July 1. The poll occurred after several legislators and citizens

disputed results of a recent previous survey created on behalf of Alcoa as being

slanted in the wording of its questions. The margin of error for a sample of

this size is plus or minus 4.4 percentage points, at the 95 percent confidence

level.



The Stanly County Commissioners are on record as opposing Alcoa's operation of

the Yadkin Hydroelectric Project and has asked the state intervene in the

matter, saying that the state's water rights for a public resource such as the

Yadkin River should take precedence over a private firm such as Alcoa having an

unlimited monopoly on it. Similar resolutions have been signed by Davidson,

Randolph, Iredell, Anson, Cabarrus and Union County Boards of Commissioners, as

well as the Centralina Council of Governments.



Governor Mike Easley, Lieutenant Governor and Senate Minority Leader Phil Berger

have all sent letters to FERC requesting that it delay its decision so the

matter can further be studied by the state. Based on this poll, the voters of

North Carolina overwhelmingly agree.



Recently, in a bi-partisan effort, several members of the North Carolina General

Assembly introduced language to create a commission that would study the impacts

of FERC granting a 50-year license to Alcoa Power Generating Inc.'s operations

on the river. The provision was under discussion as part of the state's budget

legislation, but may end up being debated separate and apart from the state

budget bill. State Senate Majority Leader Tony Rand has noted that the only

people to contact him to oppose the study provision have been lobbyists for

Alcoa.



Key findings of the survey include:



-- Six out of 10 voters say they agree with people who say the State of North

Carolina should take a limited time period to study the license renewal because

this issue will affect our economy, the environment, and our access to water for

the next 50 years.



-- An overwhelming majority (86 percent) say rights to water in the Yadkin River

should be managed and controlled by the people of North Carolina.



-- A similar majority (87 percent) say the most important use of water in the

Yadkin River is to ensure that there is adequate drinking water during the

current drought.



Documents outlining survey questions and results, their exact wording and their

percentage of responses are available online at www.mmimarketing.com.



SOURCE North Carolina Water Rights Committee







Contact: Ryal Curtis for North Carolina Water Rights Committee, +1-919-233-6600,

ryal@mmimarketing.com



LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





