aa,PR Newswire,20111011,9:30,331853
                              172 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      October 11, 2011 Tuesday 9:30 AM EST



The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Alcoa, American Express, Bank of America,

Delta Air Lines and JetBlue Airways



LENGTH: 1053 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, Oct. 11, 2011





Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day

the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting

stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include:

Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA), American Express Company , Bank of America Corporation

(NYSE: BAC), Delta Air Lines Inc. and JetBlue Airways Corporation (Nasdaq:

JBLU).



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



Get the most recent insight from Zacks Equity Research with the free Profit from

the Pros newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5513



Here are highlights from Monday's Analyst Blog:



Earnings Preview: Alcoa



The largest U.S. aluminum producer, Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA) announced that it

would release its results for the third quarter of 2011 after the market closes

on October 11, 2011.



Alcoa had kicked off the second quarter earnings season with an EPS of 32 cents

and missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 34 cents.



With respect to earnings surprises, the company outdid the Zacks Consensus

Estimate in the trailing three quarters and was behind the Zacks Consensus

Estimate in the second quarter of 2011. This is reflected in the average

earnings surprise of 14.59%, with positive surprises in three quarters and

negative in one.



Our Take



Alcoa Inc., a Pennsylvania-based corporation, is among the world's leading

producers of primary and fabricated aluminum and alumina. It involves the

technology of mining, refining, smelting, fabricating and recycling of aluminum.

We believe that Alcoa's cost reduction efforts are to some extent, offsetting

the negative impact of higher energy and raw material costs on profitability.



Alcoa expects aluminum to remain in great demand for the rest of 2011, due to

the metal's unique properties of lightness, strength and reusability. Alcoa

reaffirmed its forecast of a 12% growth in global aluminum demand in 2011.



Looking ahead, Alcoa projects continued growth in all major end-markets across

the globe, including aerospace (7%), automotive (4-8%), commercial

transportation (7-12%), packaging (2-3%), building and construction (1-3%), and

industrial gas turbines (5-10%).



For the year, Alcoa projects aluminum demand to grow 12% on top of the 13%

growth witnessed in 2010. Alcoa projects that from the 2010 baseline, aluminum

demand would double by 2020 on a 6.5% annual growth.



Currently, Alcoa has a short-term (1 to 3 months) Zacks #3 Hold rating and a

long-term (6 months) Neutral recommendation.



AmEx Announces Bond Issue



Last week, American Express Company (NYSE: AXP) announced the issue of bonds

worth $1.15 billion. The terms of the deal have not been disclosed yet. However,

the bonds will be backed by credit card receivables.



AmEx's debt issue backed by card payments has been declining steadily over the

years. As per Bloomberg, the company issued debts worth only $7billion so far

this year, down from $8 billion in the previous year and $47 billion in 2009.



Moreover, as per Bank of America Corporation's (NYSE: BAC) index, the highest

ranking payment-backed debt, currently yields 0.75% over the Treasury yield.



In other news, AmEx has also declared that Virgin America has been added to its

Membership Rewards program. This means that AmEx cardholders will now be able to

convert their Membership Rewards points to the airline's frequent flier program,

Elevate, which allows members to redeem their points for unsold seats in any

Virgin America flight.



Virgin America is the 17th airline to be added to AmEx's Membership Rewards

program, which includes Air Canada, Delta Air Lines Inc. (NYSE: DAL) and JetBlue

Airways Corporation .



As per the agreement, 200 points of AmEx's Membership Rewards program can be

converted into 100 points of the Elevate program.



Additionally, the new partners have started a promotional offer on Facebook,

which provides AmEx cardholders a chance to win various prizes, including free

round trip tickets on Virgin America.



Currently, AmEx carries a Zacks #3 Rank, which translates into a short-term Hold

rating. On Friday, the shares of the company closed at $43.43, down 2.25%, on

the New York Stock Exchange.



Want more from Zacks Equity Research? Subscribe to the free Profit from the Pros

newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5515.



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded stocks.

Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest

analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today:

http://at.zacks.com/?id=5517



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leon Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in stock

market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his many

accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system; the

Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1 margin.

The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market insights

of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit

from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to

be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros

at http://at.zacks.com/?id=5518.



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?re

f=ts



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Media Contact

Zacks Investment Research

800-767-3771 ext. 9339

support@zacks.com

http://www.zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





