aa,PR Newswire,20111201,9:00,331830
                              149 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     December 1, 2011 Thursday 9:00 AM EST



BTS Precision Mfg. Introduces an Aftermarket Replacement for Krone's 28mm

Transfer Clamp



LENGTH: 514 words



DATELINE: KEMP, Texas, Dec. 1, 2011





A long-time producer of precision machined parts for the bottling industry, BTS

Precision Manufacturing has introduced the CLAM-006 28mm aftermarket transfer

clamp for Krone's bottling machinery. The BTS Precision Manufacturing 28mm

transfer clamps were designed with cost effective productivity in mind over

other transfer clamps. Using state of the art machining processes and adhering

to demanding design specifications, BTS replacement transfer clamps for Krone's

bottling equipment offer reduced maintenance intervals and improved production

performance.



(Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20111201/DA15146)



BTS Precision Manufacturing has introduced the 28mm aftermarket replacement

transfer clamp for Krone's bottling machinery, offering reduced maintenance

requirements. Manufactured from high grade materials and formed to exacting

specifications, these 28mm plastic transfer clamps improve the performance of

Krone's bottling machinery by reducing the need for frequent equipment

adjustments to compensate for failed Krone's clamps. Overall production rates

are improved by the clamp's ability to operate efficiently. Rather than bend out

of tolerance and allow interference, the BTS transfer clamps are designed to

retain their original shape exactly or break completely. Instead of deforming

out of tolerance and causing interference, these transfer clamps simply break,

allowing operators to replace them with a new unit and resume production when

convenient. BTS manufactured bottling machine parts offer significant

improvement in cost effective productivity. These high grade transfer clamps and

all aftermarket parts produced by BTS, help to ensure bottling rates remain

consistent with little downtime and consistent finished product quality. BTS

Precision Manufacturing, a replacement wear parts manufacturer, is able to ship

the CLAM-006 transfer clamps (alternative to the Krone's 8560321037) immediately

upon receiving orders.



"While other manufacturers' transfer clamps were not designed to prevent line

stoppage, the BTS plastic transfer clamp was designed to avoid creating jams,"

said Gerald Bradley with BTS Manufacturing. "Our transfer clamp is specially

designed to handle the newer light weight bottles. More importantly, the BTS

transfer clamp either performs to specifications or breaks completely with

interference. Operators can then stop the line when appropriate to replace a

single clamp. The line will keep moving."



BTS Precision Manufacturing has been producing high quality parts for the

bottling and packaging machine industry for over 40 years. BTS uses the latest

in computer aided machining processes and proprietary manufacturing processes to

produce parts that exceed standard requirements. BTS produces parts for Krones,

Alcoa, Arol, Zalkin, and Ocme bottling, filling, and capping equipment as well

as most other brands and custom machine or prototype parts according to customer

requirements. BTS precision manufacturing can be contacted by calling

1-903-498-7501 or emailing them at sales@btsmfg.com



SOURCE BTS Precision Manufacturing



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





