aa,PR Newswire,20080416,13:50,332207
                              526 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      April 16, 2008 Wednesday 5:50 PM GMT



Grand Prize Winner Chosen for Castrol(R) 'Big Honkin' Truck Makeover';

Winner Drives Home with $50,000 Truck Makeover



LENGTH: 1100 words



DATELINE: WAYNE, N.J. April 16





WAYNE, N.J., April 16 /PRNewswire/ -- Honk those horns, ladies and gentlemen,

because the grand prize winner of the third annual Castrol Tection(TM) Extra Big

Honkin' Truck Makeover(TM) contest has been revealed! Donald Wolford Jr. of

Greencastle, Pa. was announced as the grand prize winner of the Big Honkin'

Truck Makeover contest presented by Castrol Tection Extra on March 29th at the

Mid-America Trucking Show (MATS) in Louisville, Ky.



"This is truly a dream come true," stated Donald Wolford after accepting the

grand prize at MATS. "I have been driving big rigs for twenty years and this

will provide me the career boost so I am able to stay on the road for twenty

more."



Wolford and his 1977 900A Kenworth are the lucky recipients of a $50,000 truck

interior, exterior and communications makeover customized by The Chrome Shop

Mafia and 4 State Trucks, Inc. who have been providing quality new and used

parts for the heavy-duty truck industry since 1979. The makeover will include

products from the following sponsors:



  -- Go Green Fuel Hydrogen Enrichment Technology(R) system

  -- Continental Tire North America

  -- Alcoa Wheels

  -- National Seating

  -- Sirius Satellite Radio

  -- Grote Industries

  -- Your Truck Stop









Even though the truck couldn't be there to help Wolford accept his prize, his

wife Maria and two daughters were in attendance, cheering loud and proud.

Wolford uses his truck to support his family by delivering paper and boat supply

products.



From January 1 to February 28, 2008, visitors of

http://www.castroltruckmakeover.com/ had an opportunity to vote for their

favorite makeover entry online. The online votes were tallied and added to those

collected at MATS amongst attendees during the final round of voting on March

27-28. Wolford's enthusiasm won over his trucking peers and the general public.



This is the third year Castrol has driven the Big Honkin' Truck Makeover. "The

Big Honkin' Truck Makeover is Castrol's way of recognizing that an

owner-operator's truck is critical to his or her business," stated Tracy

Drelich, Assistant Promotions Manager, from BP Lubricants USA Inc. "We wanted to

give back to one deserving driver who values the maintenance of his truck and

relies on its performance and aesthetics for business success."



Along with the grand prize winner, there were also two finalists. Tim Heddins

took home the first place prize, a $3,000 gift card from BP which can be used on

fuel, convenience goods and merchandise at any BP location. Heddins had entered

his 1989 Kenworth which drives cattle and has been to every state in the U.S.

besides Hawaii and Alaska. The second place winner is Hendrik Kramer who entered

his 1984 Freightliner. Kramer received a $500 gift card good toward the purchase

of electronics for his truck. All three winners will receive a year's supply of

Castrol Tection Extra. The runners up also had family at the event, wearing

home-made T-shirts and handing out flyers in support of their favorite trucks.



Wolford's newly refurbished 900A Kenworth will be unveiled at the Great American

Trucking Show in Dallas, Texas, August 21-23. Starting in mid-April consumers

are encouraged to log on to http://www.castroltruckmakeover.com/ to view photos

and video of the winner announcement that occurred at MATS. In late spring the

Chrome Shop Mafia will begin work on Wolford's truck and the web site will play

host to the truck makeover in process. Fans are encouraged to visit the site

throughout the summer as the 900A Kenworth is transformed before their eyes.



About Castrol Tection Extra



BP Lubricants first introduced Castrol Tection Extra into retail, mass and heavy

duty parts stores in January 2005, to the owner-operator market.



Castrol Tection Extra has unsurpassed viscosity protection among diesel engine

oils. It fights viscosity loss with a unique polymer that resists breakdown.

Castrol Tection Extra has superior dispersancy to manage high soot levels,

powerful detergency to neutralize acids generated in the engine and a unique low

ash chemistry that will not compromise performance in older engines, and exceeds

all specifications on EGR engines.



Castrol Tection Extra is available in SAE 15W-40 grade where API CJ-4, CI-4

plus, CI4, CH-4, CG-4, CF-4/SL is recommended for stay-in-grade requirements. It

is approved for use in all major large diesel engines, including Mack (EO-O

Premium Plus), Volvo (VDS-4), Cummins (20081), Caterpillar (ECF-1a, ECF-2 and

ECF-3) and Detroit Diesel (Powerguard 93K218).



For more information about Castrol Tection Extra, visit

http://www.castrol.com/TectionExtra .



About Castrol/BP Lubricants USA Inc.



BP Lubricants USA Inc. markets premium Castrol lubricants and business-building

programs directly and through distributors to independent lube operators,

service providers, on- and off-road fleets, new car dealers and leading

retailers. Our line of diesel engine oils includes Castrol(R) Elixion(R),

Castrol(R) Hypuron(TM) and Castrol(R) Tection(TM) Extra, as well as Castrol(R)

Fifth Wheel Grease. To find out more about Castrol heavy duty products and

programs, please call 1-800-255-4417 or log onto http://www.castrol.com/us .



About 4 State Trucks/The Chrome Shop Mafia



4 State Trucks, Inc., home of the Chrome Shop Mafia, has been providing quality

new and used parts for the heavy-duty truck industry since 1979. The facility

houses a 35,000 square foot distribution center with sixteen customer service

call stations to support catalog and internet sales. In 2004, the Chrome Shop

Mafia introduced a new line of apparel and merchandise for truckers to

complement the existing 4 State Trucks business of chrome, parts, accessories,

installation, and fabrication.



4 State Trucks and Chrome Shop Mafia continue to lead the industry by delivering

the best in truck designs and customization with unique parts and accessories.

They are committed to being the leader in the heavy-duty trucks aftermarket

industry, by providing computerized inventory, in-stock catalog product and

continual demand for quality from vendors. They are located in Joplin, Missouri

on Interstate 44 at Exit #4.



For additional information on 4 State Trucks/Chrome Shop Mafia, visit their

retail store weekdays before 6pm, or online at: http://www.4statetrucks.com/ or

http://www.chromeshopmafia.com/ .



Press Contact: GolinHarris



Meghan Roman, mroman@golinharris.com , 312-729-4325



CONTACT: Meghan Roman of GolinHarris, +1-312-729-4325,

 mroman@golinharris.com , for BP Lubricants USA Inc.



Web site: http://www.castrol.com/us

 http://www.4statetrucks.com/

 http://www.chromeshopmafia.com/



SOURCE BP Lubricants USA Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





