
                              828 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                            April 15, 2004 Thursday



NASA Enlists Behavioral Science Technology, Inc. to Lead Agency-Wide Culture

Change



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 1007 words



DATELINE: OJAI, Calif. April 15





When the Columbia Accident Investigation Board's (CAIB's) seven-month

investigation into the Feb. 1, 2003 Space Shuttle Columbia tragedy revealed that

organizational safety climate and culture contributed as much to the accident as

any mechanical failure, NASA officials began to focus on making mission safety

the highest priority throughout the organization. To that end, NASA selected

Behavioral Science Technology, Inc. (BST, www.bstsolutions.com), the 25-year-old

leader in behavior-based performance improvement, to facilitate its three-year

culture change initiative.



Since the release of the CAIB report in August, NASA leadership says it was

inundated with suggestions and advice on how to guide NASA through the cultural

changes indicated in the board's findings. Speaking to reporters late last year,

NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe said that he was warned by then-U.S. Treasury

Secretary Paul O'Neill and Hewlett Packard Chief Executive Officer Carly Fiorina

to be on guard against "charlatans and flimflam artists" masquerading as

consultants. O'Neill recommended that O'Keefe look at BST, a company he had

worked with 10 years earlier as CEO of Alcoa. After a competitive procurement

process that included more than 40 potential providers, NASA concurred with

O'Neill's opinion and selected BST.



According to BST Chief Executive Officer C. Patrick Smith, BST is distinguished

from other consulting organizations by its technology. Smith says BST's use of

performance improvement and organizational development tools derived from the

applied behavioral sciences is a significant departure from the "train and hope"

approach frequently associated with culture change efforts."BST has an

unsurpassed record of delivering real behavior change and quantifiable

performance improvement in organizations committed to creating a strong

performance-oriented culture." Other organizations that have contracted BST

services include the United States Marines Corps, Genentech, GlaxoSmithKline,

Los Alamos National Laboratory, and Lockheed Martin Missiles & Space Company.



In communications to employees, NASA leaders have emphasized that the BST-led

culture change effort will be the integration point for all other organizational

culture efforts related to the CAIB recommendations, including OneNASA,

Return-to-Flight, and the Diaz Implementation. One memo from Associate Deputy

Administrator James Jennings, dated February 17, stated that "The successful

implementation of this effort is critical to the Agency's future as we prepare

to return to flight and implement the President's Vision for U.S. Space

Exploration."



The NASA culture change initiative was kicked off in March using a proprietary

BST survey to conduct an agency-wide cultural assessment. Results were published

last week on NASA's website (www.nasa.gov). Among the conclusions, the report

noted that safety culture remained a problem more than a year after the Columbia

disaster. "Safety is something to which NASA personnel are strongly committed in

concept, but NASA has not yet created a culture that is fully supportive of

safety," the report states.



But the news isn't all bad. "We're building on a very solid foundation," Smith

notes. "People choose to work at NASA because they have a passion for the

Agency's mission -- they want to contribute to the President's vision for space

exploration. Our team has been quite impressed by the people we have worked with

thus far at NASA. They have an intense achievement orientation-an amazing can-do

attitude." Where they get into trouble, Smith says, is in balancing risk and

achievement. "Their achievement drive is both a great strength and, if

unmanaged, a very real liability."



In order to improve the agency's safety culture without compromising its

strengths, the culture change effort will include behavior-based leadership

development, cognitive bias training, and comprehensive team and individual

effectiveness processes. The core of the change effort will involve BST helping

NASA personnel to identify the behaviors critical to successful outcomes and

implementing mechanisms that systematically capture data on the occurrence of

these behaviors. These efforts will be followed up with data-driven

interventions that root out organizational barriers and help individuals adapt

to safety expectations. BST Chairman and Co-Founder Thomas Krause says,

"Changing an organizational culture is a tricky business. The change comes down

to very specific sets of behaviors, mostly related to leadership." The

initiative will engage NASA employees from the agency's lowest levels to

supervisory staff and upper-level management.



Speaking to business leaders in February, NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe

emphasized that addressing culture was part of the agency's promise to the

Columbia astronauts' families and the American people. "We are working hard to

fulfill our pledge. We take seriously our commitment to implement all of the

Columbia Accident Investigation Board's recommendations for addressing the

technical, organizational and human factors that contributed to the accident. We

are also striving to raise the safety bar even higher."



ABOUT BST



Since 1979, BST has worked with over 1,650 organizations worldwide to help them

achieve performance excellence in safety and other areas through behavior-based

culture transformation, leadership development and process improvement. With a

consistent focus on achieving measurable results for its clients, BST has earned

a reputation as a global leader in the field of safety and performance

excellence.



CONTACT:

     C. Patrick Smith

     Chief Executive Officer

     Behavioral Science Technology, Inc.

     (805) 646-0166

     Patrick.Smith@BSTsolutions.com

     http://www.BSTsolutions.com



This release was issued through eReleases(TM). For more information, visit

http://www.ereleases.com.



SOURCE Behavioral Science Technology, Inc.



CONTACT: C. Patrick Smith, Chief Executive Officer of Behavioral Science

Technology, Inc., +1-805-646-0166, Patrick.Smith@BSTsolutions.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS AND TECHNOLOGY EDITORS



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





