aa,PR Newswire US,20050328,10:55,332458
                              777 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       March 28, 2005 Monday 03:55 PM GMT



Rendell Administration Announces $525,000 in Funding for Technology Projects



LENGTH: 860 words



DATELINE: HARRISBURG, Pa. March 28





HARRISBURG, Pa., March 28  /PRNewswire/ -- On behalf of Governor Edward G.

Rendell, Department of Community and Economic Development Secretary Dennis

Yablonsky today announced $525,000 in funding by the Ben Franklin Technology

Development Authority (BFTDA) to support the Governor's technology-focused

economic development strategy.



"Providing funding for technology-based initiatives and projects is a smart

investment for Pennsylvania and its economy," said Secretary Yablonsky. "The

programs approved today will support the Commonwealth's emerging small

businesses, universities and communities.  These programs will not only enhance

partnerships with new, hi-tech businesses, but will also create new, quality

jobs for Pennsylvanians."



The BFTDA is a state-funded network dedicated to fostering technology

innovation, strengthening the Commonwealth's economy and creating and retaining

high-salary jobs that require advanced skill levels.  The BFTDA provides funding

for a host of technology initiatives and supports four Ben Franklin Technology

Partners throughout Pennsylvania that identify the most promising technological

ventures and support them with technical assistance and capital.



The following projects were approved by the BFTDA:



Navy Yard Keystone Innovation Zone: The Philadelphia Industrial Development

Corporation was awarded $100,000 for operating costs related to the Navy Yard

Keystone Innovation Zone, bringing the number of approved KIZs to 13.

Partnering with the Penn State University Applied Research Lab, Drexel

University, the Collegiate Consortium for Workforce and Economic Development and

the Naval Sea Commands Philadelphia Shipyard Systems Engineering Station, the

Navy Yard KIZ will concentrate on technologies in the physical and engineering

sciences with a specific focus on materials processing and power and energy.

The Navy Yard KIZ will also collaborate with the established University City KIZ

to assist early-stage companies in the life sciences industry by offering

additional suitable space for growth and expansion in the City of Philadelphia.



Pennsylvania NanoMaterials Commercialization Center: The Pittsburgh Technology

Council was awarded $200,000 in funding for the establishment of the

Pennsylvania NanoMaterials Commercialization Center.  The Center will focus on

ensuring that Pennsylvania is the market leader in the research and production

of new products and technologies related to nanomaterials.  The Center will

develop and commercialize innovative solutions to meet the current and future

needs of the nanomaterials marketplace, which includes polymer system

enhancements, coatings, sensors and films applications.  The NanoMaterials

Commercialization Center will bring together a cooperative of companies and

universities across the Commonwealth like PPG, Bayer MaterialScience, U.S. Steel

Corporation, and Alcoa, Inc., Carnegie Mellon University and Penn State

University, as well as long-standing players in the Pennsylvania Initiative for

Nanotechnology (PIN).



In an effort to ensure that the Commonwealth's companies are positioned to

continue their leadership in the field of nanomaterials research, the Center

will also work to become a federally funded center through the National

Nanotechnology Initiative (NNI).  Led by the National Science Foundation and the

White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, the NNI is designed to

coordinate nearly $1 billion in nanotechnology research across 18 federal

agencies.



Tri-County Technology Infrastructure: Pocono Mountains Industries was awarded

$225,000 for the Tri-County Infrastructure project.  In cooperation with the

Colonial Intermediate Unit, the Pocono Mountains Industries will use the funds

to expand the telecommunication infrastructure throughout Monroe, Pike and

Northampton counties.  This investment will help deliver new or enhanced

broadband access for several business parks and commercial locations in

underserved or disadvantaged areas.  This project will also ensure broadband

access for all students K-12 in the Pocono Mountains region, as well as for the

public safety, healthcare, local government and non-profit industries.



Governor Rendell's economic stimulus package contains several programs that

focus on technology development including the New Pennsylvania Venture Capital

Investment Program, Second Stage Loan Guarantee, the New Pennsylvania Venture

Loan Guarantee Program, Keystone Innovation Zones and the Research and

Development Tax Credit and its tradability.  These programs focus investment in

new high-growth companies and channel support and funding for companies to

expand, create jobs and retain Pennsylvania's talent.



For additional information on any of the stimulus package programs, please visit

http://www.newpa.com/  or call 1-866-GO-NEWPA (1-866-466-3972).



CONTACT:  Neil R. Weaver, Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic

Development, +1-717-783-1132.



CONTACT:  Neil R. Weaver, Pennsylvania Department of Community and

Economic Development, +1-717-783-1132



Web site:   http://www.newpa.com/

 http://www.state.pa.us/



SOURCE Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





