aa,PR Newswire,20090827,16:27,332033
                              352 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      August 27, 2009 Thursday 4:27 PM EST



Next Phase of Renovations to Begin at Point State Park in Pittsburgh



LENGTH: 567 words



DATELINE: HARRISBURG, Pa., Aug. 27





HARRISBURG, Pa., Aug. 27 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Pennsylvania Department of

Conservation and Natural Resources acting Secretary John Quigley said today that

the wharf areas, water access, restrooms and fountain at Point State Park in

Pittsburgh will be closed for the next phase of construction beginning this

week.



"We remain on schedule with our complete overhaul of Point State Park as we

enter these final phases of improvements to the wharf and the fountain," Quigley

said. "The importance of quality public open spaces has been highlighted once

again as Pittsburgh prepares to greet its international visitors and attention

for the G-20 Summit.



"Our renovations at the park will truly make it a world-class space and a great

representation of a vibrant Pittsburgh," Quigley added.



Specifically, the wharf areas and walkways along the Allegheny and Monongahela

rivers, river access including from boat tie ups along the water, restrooms,

fountain and access from the parking lot and flag bastion area through the

pedestrian tunnel behind the Fort Pitt Museum will be closed for the next phase

of construction.



The Woodlands, where 7,000 native shrubs and plants were installed during the

last phase of construction in spring, will remain fenced to allow the plants to

grow.



Visitors may access the city-side Lawn, Portal Bridge, Great Lawn, overlook

area, pedestrian walkways to the North Shore and South Shore and the Fort Pitt

Block House and Fort Pitt Museum through the main entrance to the park.



The fountain is scheduled to undergo extensive renovations and improvements and

will likely be turned off entirely in 2010 while that work is completed. Despite

the ongoing renovations, DCNR, with support from Alcoa and Riverlife, is

undertaking a temporary fix to run the fountain at full force for the NFL season

kickoff event Sept. 10 and during key periods of the G-20 Summit.



Point State Park is undergoing a $30 million improvement in several phases. The

first phase, begun in the fall of 2006 and completed in spring of 2008, included

a new lawn area on the city side of the park and related improvements.



The next phases of work will upgrade the Monongahela and Allegheny promenades

along the wharfs to include water landings and marine tie ups; install new

features that interpret the history, indigenous cultures and natural resources

of the park; and add trail connections. The major overhaul of the fountain is

also among the additional phases of work to be completed that is supported by a

combination of state investments and business and private donations.



The Allegheny and Monongahela rivers meet at Point State Park to form the Ohio

River. During the mid-1700s, the armies of France and Britain were attracted to

this area, each vying for control of the Ohio Valley. In 1758, construction of

Fort Pitt began by the British.



By the 1950s, the area had deteriorated into a commercial slum. The planning and

construction of Point State Park was one of the key accomplishments of

Pittsburgh's first Renaissance urban renewal initiative. The fountain was

dedicated in August 1974.



For more information about Pennsylvania's 117 state parks, visit

www.dcnr.state.pa.us.



    CONTACT: Christina Novak

     (717) 772-9101









SOURCE Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources







CONTACT:Christina Novak of the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and

Natural Resources, +1-717-772-9101



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





