aa,PR Newswire,20051206,12:46,332408
                              727 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      December 6, 2005 Tuesday 5:46 PM GMT



Business Roundtable Climate RESOLVE Program to be Highlighted at COP 11

Conference



LENGTH: 496  words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON Dec. 6





Climate RESOLVE (Responsible Environmental Steps, Opportunities to Lead by

Voluntary Efforts), a Business Roundtable initiative through which leading

companies are working voluntarily to manage their greenhouse gas (GHG)

emissions, will be highlighted this week at the eleventh Conference of the

Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP 11) in

Montreal. Representatives of Business Roundtable member companies Pfizer Inc and

Alcoa will present the Climate RESOLVE initiative as a clear example of U.S.

private-sector leadership in addressing climate change at a COP 11 side event,

"United States Clean Energy and Climate Change Partnerships," to be held

December 7.



Climate RESOLVE, launched by Business Roundtable in 2003, is based on the

Roundtable's belief that every company in every sector of the economy has a role

and a responsibility to take actions to control GHG emissions and improve the

GHG intensity of the U.S. economy. To date, nearly 75 percent of the

Roundtable's total membership is engaged in the program.



"Through Climate RESOLVE, Roundtable companies are working to manage their

greenhouse gases the same way they manage other aspects of their business," said

John J. Castellani, President of Business Roundtable. "Allowing companies to

find the most efficient and sustainable GHG strategy that is directly relevant

to their business operations is far better than conforming to mandatory controls

that are invariably more costly, less flexible and, in the end, less effective."



In just two years since the initial launch of the program, 89 percent of

participating companies, representing every sector of the economy, are taking

action to manage their GHG emissions in a number of different ways, including:

using energy efficiency/conservation programs for manufacturing or office

buildings; constructing or modifying energy production units; and participating

in sequestration projects to capture and store GHG emissions.



To aid companies with little experience addressing climate issues, the

Roundtable provides member companies with a series of tools that provide step-

by-step instructions for improving energy efficiency and managing GHG emissions.

In addition, the Roundtable has worked in partnership with the Department of

Energy and the Environmental Protection Agency to develop a web- based tool to

help companies identify methods of improving energy efficiency in office

buildings.



For more information on Climate RESOLVE, visit

http://www.businessroundtable.org/ .



Business Roundtable is an association of chief executive officers of leading

corporations with a combined workforce of more than 10 million employees and $4

trillion in annual revenues. The chief executives are committed to advocating

public policies that foster vigorous economic growth and a dynamic global

economy.



CONTACT: Tita Freeman of Business Roundtable, +1-202-496-3269



Web site: http://www.businessroundtable.org/



SOURCE Business Roundtable



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





