aa,PR Newswire,20110817,10:00,331871
                              190 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     August 17, 2011 Wednesday 10:00 AM EST



Atul Gawande, MD, MPH, Surgeon and Noted Author, to Speak at Lucian Leape

Institute Fourth Annual Forum & Gala



LENGTH: 817 words



DATELINE: BOSTON, Aug. 17, 2011





The Lucian Leape Institute at the National Patient Safety Foundation has

announced the program for the fourth annual Forum & Gala to be held in Boston on

Thursday, September 22, 2011.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110817/CG53348LOGO)



An interactive afternoon dialogue with members of the Institute will be followed

by an evening program featuring guest speaker, Atul Gawande, MD, MPH. Dr.

Gawande, a general and endocrine surgeon at Brigham and Women's Hospital in

Boston, is known for his writing on topics in medicine, health care quality, and

health reform. A staff writer at the New Yorker magazine since 1998, Dr. Gawande

has authored three books that have appeared on the New York Times Bestseller

list, the most recent of which, The Checklist Manifesto: How to Get Things

Right, examines the use of checklists to perform complex work.



Dr. Gawande served as a senior health policy adviser in the Clinton presidential

campaign and White House from 1992 to 1993. In 2006, he received a MacArthur

Award for his research and writing. He is a recipient of AcademyHealth's Impact

Award for highest research impact on health care, and was named by Foreign

Policy Magazine and TIME magazine as one of the world's top 100 influential

thinkers.



"Dr. Gawande's writings and insights are an inspiration to health care

professionals and the public at large," said Diane C. Pinakiewicz, president of

the National Patient Safety Foundation and the Lucian Leape Institute at NPSF.

"We are honored to welcome him to share his thoughts on future developments in

health care.



The Lucian Leape Institute at NPSF functions as a think tank to identify new

approaches to improving patient safety. Members of the Institute comprise

national thought leaders with an interest or expertise in the patient safety

field. During the afternoon Forum, Institute members will offer insights into

their work. Attendees will have the opportunity to ask questions and participate

in a discussion about concepts that may help transform the health care and

patient safety landscape.



In addition to Ms. Pinakiewicz, Institute members include the chairman, Lucian

Leape, MD, adjunct professor of health policy, Harvard School of Public Health;

Carolyn M. Clancy, MD, director of the US Agency for Healthcare Research and

Quality; James B. Conway, MS, adjunct faculty, Harvard School of Public Health;

Susan Edgman-Levitan, PA, executive director, John D. Stoeckle Center for

Primary Care Innovation, Massachusetts General Hospital; Gary S. Kaplan, MD,

chairman and chief executive officer, Virginia Mason Medical Center; Julianne M.

Morath, RN, MS, chief quality and safety officer, Vanderbilt Medical Center;

Dennis S. O'Leary, MD, President Emeritus, The Joint Commission; Paul O'Neill,

former chairman and CEO, Alcoa, and 72d secretary of the US Treasury; David M.

Lawrence, MD, chairman and CEO (retired), Kaiser Foundation Health Plan and

Kaiser Foundation Hospitals; and Pamela A. Thompson, MS, RN, FAAN, CEO, American

Organization of Nurse Executives.



The afternoon Forum takes place from 1:30 to 5 pm at the Omni Parker House in

Boston. The evening Gala, at the State Room, begins with a reception at 6 pm,

followed by dinner at 7 pm.



Registration details and more information are available at www.npsf.org. Those

interested in opportunities to support the work of the Lucian Leape Institute

are encouraged to contact David Coletta at dcoletta@npsf.org



About the Lucian Leape Institute



The Lucian Leape Institute at the National Patient Safety Foundation,

established in 2007, is charged with defining strategic paths and calls to

action for the field of patient safety, offering vision and context for the many

efforts under way within health care, and providing the leverage necessary for

system-level change. Its members comprise national thought leaders with a common

interest in patient safety whose expertise and influence are brought to bear as

the Institute calls for the innovation necessary to expedite the work and create

significant, sustainable improvements in culture, process, and outcomes critical

to safer health care. The Institute challenges the system to address the

structural impediments to more expeditious and comprehensive adoption of patient

safety solutions.



About The National Patient Safety Foundation®



The National Patient Safety Foundation (NPSF) has been pursuing one mission

since its founding in 1997 - to improve the safety of care provided to patients.

As a central voice for patient safety, NPSF is committed to a collaborative,

inclusive, multi-stakeholder approach in all activities. NPSF is an independent,

not-for-profit 501(c)(3) organization. To learn more about the work of the

National Patient Safety Foundation, please visit: www.npsf.org.



SOURCE National Patient Safety Foundation







CONTACT:Patricia McTiernan of National Patient Safety Foundation,

+1-617-391-9922, pmctiernan@npsf.org



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





