aa,PR Newswire,20110411,9:30,331917
                              236 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       April 11, 2011 Monday 9:30 AM EST



The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Alcoa, Codexis, Dell, Hewlett Packard and

International Business Machines



LENGTH: 1185 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, April 11, 2011





CHICAGO, April 11, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Zacks.com announces the list of stocks

featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts

discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets.

Stocks recently featured in the blog include: Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA), Codexis

Inc. (Nasdaq: CDXS), Dell Inc. (Nasdaq: DELL), Hewlett Packard Co. (NYSE: HPQ)

and International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM).



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



Get the most recent insight from Zacks Equity Research with the free Profit from

the Pros newsletter:



Here are highlights from Friday's Analyst Blog:



Alcoa Announces Carbon Emissions Project



Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA) in collaboration with Codexis Inc. (Nasdaq: CDXS) and CO2

Solution Inc. announced a new pilot program for carbon capture technology. The

pilot program focuses on capturing carbon emissions, neutralizing them and

turning them into a commercially viable product.



Alcoa will fund the project with $13.5 million from the U.S. Department of

Energy. The companies will use scrubber technology to capture the emissions and

then collaborate to treat a byproduct of aluminum manufacturing called alkaline

clay.



The project will try to combine treated flue gas, enzymes and alkaline clay to

make a mineral-rich product for use in environmental reclamation projects.



The company secured government grant to find ways of converting captured carbon

dioxide emissions into useful products such as fuel, plastics, cement and

fertilizers.



The pilot program is a part of Alcoa's ongoing commitment to enhance its

operational sustainability. Moreover, it will use an innovative and proprietary

in-duct scrubber technology to capture emissions.



Codexis and CO2 Solution have been collaborating since late 2009 on the

development of custom carbonic anhydrase (CA) enzymes and processes that could

significantly decrease the cost of carbon dioxide capture from industrial

sources.



In January, Alcoa posted better-than-expected year-over-year results for the

fourth quarter of 2010 with net earnings and revenues exceeding the Zacks

Consensus Estimate. The company continues to benefit from its cost saving

efforts. We believe the cost cuts will make Alcoa more competitive when markets

fully recover.



The annual global consumption of aluminum products, both upstream and

downstream, is expected to double over the next 15 years. This consumption boom

will be driven primarily by growth in China, India, Russia and Brazil, whose

demographics are accelerating development. However, Alcoa is facing declining

aluminum prices, higher input costs and significant restructuring charges, which

could pressure margins in the near to medium-term.



We currently maintain our Neutral recommendation on Alcoa. Currently, we have a

Zacks #3 Rank (Hold) on the stock.



DELL to Enrich Cloud Services



Dell Inc. (Nasdaq: DELL) has long been working to go beyond its traditional PC

and server business into the higher-end data storage market. Dell is now

planning to spend a handsome $1.0 billion to build its cloud computing business.



Dell expects to open 12 data centers by the end of this year and 10 more within

the next fiscal year. Equipped with the latest technology solutions and

services, the new data centers will help customers better manage their

technology budgets through less emphasis on infrastructure management and more

on technology innovation. They can run programs and store information in

Dell-operated centers, accessing them over the Internet, thereby reducing

ownership cost.



Notable storage vendor acquisitions by Dell in the past four years include

EqualLogic, Compellent Technology and Ocarina Networks. Last year, Dell also

showed a keen interest in storage vendor 3Par, but was ultimately edged out by

rival Hewlett Packard Co. (NYSE: HPQ) in a bidding war. Barring this loss, Dell

has seen successful on the acquisition front, bringing the other companies under

its umbrella and strengthening its storage/cloud-based offerings.



As per the findings of U.S. research firm Gartner, the market for cloud services

could grow to $102.1 billion in 2012 from $68.3 billion in 2010. This

opportunity has also inspired another tech major, International Business

Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM), to announce a cloud-based software for its

customers.



However, we find Dell in a relatively better position to capitalize on storage

opportunities, given its rich cloud-portfolio. We are encouraged by Dell's shift

in focus from PC and server roots to becoming a data-center vendor.



Apart from this, Dell is also investing in high growth countries such as Brazil,

Russia, India, and China, and recently announced its plan to expand in India. We

remain confident about Dell's expansion strategy.



However, concerns for the company include soft demand from the consumer

vertical, a high debt level and stiff competition in the cloud and computing

space.



Currently, Dell has a Zacks #1 Rank, which equates to a short-term Strong Buy

recommendation.



Want more from Zacks Equity Research? Subscribe to the free Profit from the Pros

newsletter



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded stocks.

Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest

analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today:



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leonard Zacks. Len knew he could find patterns in stock market data that

would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his many accomplishments was

the formation of his proprietary stock picking system; the Zacks Rank, which

continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1 margin. The best way to

unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market insights of Zacks

Investment Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit from the

Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to be worth

your time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/ZacksInvestmentResearch



YouTube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/ZacksInvestmentNews



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Media ContactZacks Investment Research800-767-3771 ext. 9339support@zacks.com

http://www.zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





