aa,PR Newswire,20080520,16:15,332190
                              509 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        May 20, 2008 Tuesday 8:15 PM GMT



CSC Elects Randy Phillips Vice President, Corporate Development



LENGTH: 548 words



DATELINE: FALLS CHURCH, Va. May 20





FALLS CHURCH, Va., May 20 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Computer Sciences

Corporation(NYSE:CSC)today announced that Randy Phillips, 49, has been elected

vice president, corporate development. Phillips will report to CSC Chairman,

President and Chief Executive Officer Michael W. Laphen.



Phillips will be responsible for identifying, negotiating and closing all

acquisitions, divestitures and related transactions that drive CSC's growth

strategies. He replaces Paul Tucker, who will continue to serve as a corporate

vice president until his retirement later in the year.



"Randy's appointment strengthens CSC's corporate leadership team as we continue

to execute Project Accelerate, the company's strategic growth plan," said

Laphen. "His wealth of experience and proven track record in corporate

development will be invaluable as we continue to pursue new avenues of growth."



Phillips joined CSC in December 2007 from Alcoa, where he served for four years,

most recently as president, corporate development in China. In this role, he led

Alcoa's growth initiatives in China, including negotiation and execution of

joint ventures, mergers and acquisitions. Previously, he served as director,

corporate development in the company's New York headquarters and was responsible

for global growth initiatives in the United States, Europe, Russia, Africa and

Asia. Prior to this, Phillips was vice president, corporate development for TRW

Inc. In this role, he was responsible for the analysis and management of

strategic business development initiatives across TRW's aerospace, information

systems and automotive global businesses. He also held a range of engineering

and management positions within TRW, focused primarily in the aerospace and

defense sector.



A native of Ohio, Phillips received his bachelor of science degree in computer

science/systems from Wright State University in Dayton. He completed the Harvard

University Program for Senior Executives in national and international security

and is a graduate of the Tuck Executive Program from the Amos Tuck School of

Business Administration at Dartmouth College in Hanover, N.H. He currently

serves on the board of trustees for the Wright State University Foundation as

well as the external advisory board of the College of Engineering and Computer

Science.



About CSC



Computer Sciences Corporation is a leading information technology (IT) services

company. CSC's mission is to be a global leader in providing technology-enabled

business solutions and services.



With approximately 91,000 employees, CSC provides innovative solutions for

customers around the world by applying leading technologies and CSC's own

advanced capabilities. These include systems design and integration; IT and

business process outsourcing; applications software development; Web and

application hosting; and management consulting. CSC reported revenue of $16.1

billion for the 12 months ended Dec. 28, 2007. For more information, visit the

company's Web site at http://www.csc.com/ .



CONTACT: Mike Dickerson, Director, Media Relations, Corporate,

+1-310-615-1647, mdickers@csc.com , or Bill Lackey, Director, Investor

Relations, Corporate, +1-310-615-1700, blackey3@csc.com , both of Computer

Sciences Corporation



Web site: http://www.csc.com/



SOURCE Computer Sciences Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





