
                              843 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                             March 15, 2004 Monday



Air Pollution Health Dangers from Pa. Power Plants to be Focus of New

Advertising Campaign;

Deadly Sulfur Dioxide Pollution Poses Major Risk to Health of Pennsylvanians



SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS



LENGTH: 438 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH March 15





Four groups will hold a March 16, 2004, news conference in Pittsburgh to unveil

a regional advertising campaign to educate the public about the serious health

problems suffered by children, senior citizens and others as a result of ongoing

air pollution from power plants -- highlighting Hatfield's Ferry and Keystone

power plants in southwestern Pennsylvania.



News event speakers will be:



* Myron Arnowitt, Western Pennsylvania director, Clean Water Action;



* Rachel Filippini, program coordinator, Group Against Smog and Pollution

 (GASP);



* Lisa Graves Marcucci, president, Jefferson Action Group, Inc.; and



* Eric Schaeffer, director, Environmental Integrity Project (EIP),

 Washington, D.C.



The ads will be aired at the news event. Transcripts will be available for the

media.



The new advertisements sponsored by Citizens for Pennsylvania's Future

(PennFuture), Clean Water Action and Group Against Smog and Pollution (GASP)

focus on the premature death, chronic bronchitis, asthma and other major health

problems associated with emissions of sulfur dioxide, a pollutant linked to

premature death. The groups will be joined by Eric Schaeffer, director of the

Environmental Integrity Project and former EPA director of regulatory

enforcement, in introducing the ad campaign. The ads explain that just five of

the 22 power plants across Pennsylvania that were under investigation for

potential clean air violations emit over 400,000 tons of sulfur dioxide

pollution each year. Those investigations, along with tens of others across the

country, were dropped by the Bush administration in November of 2003. The ads

also point out that Allegheny Energy's Hatfield's Ferry power plant is one of

the single biggest sources of sulfur dioxide pollution in the United States.



The ads are paid for by the Environmental Integrity Project, a nonpartisan,

nonprofit organization established in March of 2002 to advocate for more

effective enforcement of environmental laws. EIP was founded by Eric Schaeffer

in March of 2002. Mr. Schaeffer was director of the U.S. Environmental

Protection Agency's Office of Regulatory Enforcement until 2002, when he

resigned after publicly expressing his frustration with efforts of the Bush

Administration to weaken enforcement of the Clean Air Act and other laws.



EVENT DETAILS: 10:30 a.m., March 16, 2004, R.A. Hunt Room, 23rd Floor, Regional

Enterprise Tower (the old Alcoa building), 425 6th Avenue, Pittsburgh.



SOURCE Environmental Integrity Project, Washington, D.C.



CONTACT: Christine Kraly, +1-703-276-3258, or ckraly@hastingsgroup.com, for the

Environmental Integrity Project, Washington, D.C.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO STATE, ENERGY AND ENVIRONMENTAL EDITORS



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





