aa,PR Newswire,20080509,9:42,332194
                              513 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                         May 9, 2008 Friday 1:42 PM GMT



APGI Withdraws Application for Water Quality Certificate;

Decision gives state officials additional time to review new application

regarding Yadkin Project



LENGTH: 483 words



DATELINE: BADIN, N.C. May 9





BADIN, N.C., May 9 /PRNewswire/ -- Alcoa Power Generating Inc. (APGI) has

voluntarily withdrawn its application for a water quality certificate for the

Yadkin Hydroelectric Project in response to a request from the N.C. Department

of Environment and Natural Resources. The move will temporarily delay the

relicensing of the Yadkin Project in order to provide the N.C. Division of Water

Quality additional time to review the new application.



"We decided that withdrawing our application and reapplying was the right thing

to do. The additional time will ensure that all factors have been appropriately

considered before a new water quality certificate is issued," said Gene Ellis,

APGI licensing and property manager.



APGI originally submitted its application for a water quality certificate on May

10, 2007 and the N.C. Division of Water Quality issued a water quality

certificate for the Yadkin Project on November 17, 2008. That certificate was

revoked last month when it was discovered that a required legal notice was not

published in the newspaper. State officials published the required public notice

and accepted public comments for a 15-day period ending on May 2, 2008.



Federal laws require the State to act on APGI's application within one year - by

May 9, 2008. That deadline provided little time for State officials to

adequately address the public comments it received this month, prompting the

request for APGI to withdraw and resubmit its application.



"We expect the state to conduct a timely review of our new application and issue

a new water quality certificate within the next several months," Ellis said. "We

do not believe the additional public comments provided to the State include any

new, relevant information regarding the discharges from the Yadkin Project."



If adopted by FERC, the Relicensing Settlement Agreement, supported by 23

organizations across North Carolina and South Carolina, will significantly

improve water quality in the Yadkin River. Other benefits include an extended

recreation season, increased water withdrawals from the Yadkin River and greater

protection of the water supply during times of drought. In addition, APGI will

donate or sell more than 6,000 acres of land (approximately 40 percent of its

land holdings in central North Carolina) for conservation, recreation and game

lands. That includes the donation of more than 1,000 acres for the expansion of

Morrow Mountain State Park.



APGI is currently operating the Yadkin Project under a temporary license; the

original 50-year license expired on April 30, 2008. The temporary license

mirrors the conditions of APGI's original license and will remain in effect

until a new long-term license for the Yadkin Project takes effect.



CONTACT: Gene Ellis, Licensing and Property Manager, Alcoa Power

Generating Inc., +1-704-422-5606, +1-704-796-5824 Mobile,

 gene.ellis@alcoa.com



SOURCE Alcoa Power Generating Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





