aa,PR Newswire,20090406,12:40,332093
                              412 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        April 6, 2009 Monday 4:40 PM GMT



Bright Automotive Announces Name of First Vehicle and Accelerates Date of Its

Public Unveiling;

Plug-In Hybrid Electric Vehicle Being Built from Ground-Up by Team of Auto

Industry Veterans; Concept Will Be Shown on April 21



LENGTH: 518 words



DATELINE: ANDERSON, Ind. April 6





ANDERSON, Ind., April 6 /PRNewswire/ -- Bright Automotive, Inc. announced today

that its first vehicle - a plug-in hybrid electric vehicle (PHEV) that will

achieve 100 mpg for an average customer - will be called the IDEA. A concept

version of the IDEA will be shown to the public for the first time on April 21,

2009 on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC.



"We named our first vehicle the IDEA because of the role it will play in helping

revolutionize American transportation and moving the country toward a more

secure and sustainable energy future," said John Waters, CEO and President of

Bright Automotive. "We know it is possible to achieve dramatic, breakthrough

fuel efficiency and deliver tremendous customer value. This is the compelling

idea that drives our company and it is fully captured in our first vehicle."



Bright Automotive ( http://www.brightautomotive.com/ ) has the most experienced

PHEV, hybrid and electric vehicle team in the industry. Waters developed the

battery pack for General Motors' first production electric vehicle, the EV1, and

other company executives and engineers have spent years working for major auto

manufacturers and suppliers. Bright Automotive will begin high volume production

by the end of 2012 - with an annual run rate of 50,000 units. To produce its

vehicle, the company plans to create over 5,000 jobs by 2013.



Bright Automotive also announced today that a concept version of the vehicle

will first be shown to the media and public on Capitol Hill on April 21. Members

of Congress and companies involved with Bright Automotive will take part in a

briefing on the IDEA and a public event.



Waters continued, "We created the IDEA by starting with a clean sheet, listening

to customer needs, and using breakthrough technologies and materials. The IDEA

will deliver superior fuel-efficient performance and a lower cost of ownership

than competing traditionally-powered vehicles. At the same time, it will help to

re-invigorate the American auto industry and create thousands of new 'green

collar' jobs here in the U.S."



To achieve groundbreaking fuel efficiency, Bright Automotive is maximizing

platform efficiency, by incorporating lightweight materials, advanced

aerodynamics and low-rolling resistance tires to use less combined energy. On a

full charge, the IDEA will operate in all-electric mode for the first 30 miles

before switching to hybrid mode for a full range of 400 miles. For a typical

drive of 50 miles, the vehicle consumes 1/2 gallon of gasoline - equivalent to

100 mpg fuel efficiency.



Bright Automotive was launched out of the Rocky Mountain Institute, where it had

the great benefit of visionary leadership from partners including Alcoa, Duke

Energy, Google.org, Johnson Controls, and the Turner Foundation. Today, with the

most experienced EV and PHEV team in the industry, Bright is prepared to answer

the nation's call for clean energy vehicles that are developed and built here in

America.



CONTACT: Carolyn Englar, +1-202-429-4940, carolynenglar@rationalpr.com ,

for Bright Automotive



Web Site: http://www.brightautomotive.com/



SOURCE Bright Automotive



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





