aa,PR Newswire US,20060810,7:00,332360
                              679 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                     August 10, 2006 Thursday 11:00 AM GMT



Operations and project update at the Hammerstone Quarry



LENGTH: 873 words



DATELINE: CALGARY Aug. 10





CALGARY, Aug. 10  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Birch Mountain Resources Ltd.

("Birch Mountain" or the "Company") (BMD:TSXV and AMEX) is pleased to provide an

operations and project update. "Our quarry is open, we are supplying aggregates

to oil sands road building projects, plus we have purchased the first equipment

for our quicklime operation," says Derrick Kershaw, Senior Vice President. "We

are positioning ourselves to supply limestone products that meet the demands of

the Alberta oil sands industry."



QUARRY OPERATIONS



During the first half of 2006, there has been significant progress with the

Muskeg Valley Quarry (MVQ) portion of our Hammerstone Project with almost 6

million tonnes of overburden and pit material excavated to open access to all

four layers of limestone, each layer having particular qualities of value in

different applications. The active quarry is 20 hectares (50 acres) in size,

within a total development of 96 hectares (240 acres) cleared for expansion. Our

aggregate has been used to construct the infrastructure including haul roads,

stockpile sites, lay-down areas and the surface water management system.



Supply of aggregates to oil sands road building projects is now underway. To

assure our ability to supply the high volume, spot market business, significant

volumes of crushed aggregate products have been produced, and are in stockpiles

ready to be loaded out. Within the production plan, additional quantities of

limestone rock have been drilled and blasted and are ready to be excavated and

fed to the crushing operations.



To improve efficiency, the Company purchased a Hitachi EX 1800, 14 cubic yard

hydraulic shovel that, among other duties, will be used for the selective

excavation of the 20 metre thick Unit 3 limestone. This large shovel will reduce

unit-operating costs and eliminate drilling and blasting of most of Unit 3.



NEW HIGH-CAPACITY CRUSHING PLANT



To increase production, Birch Mountain has brought forward the acquisition of

our own high capacity crushing plant using capital lease financing arrangements.

"This modern plant is capable of producing aggregates to meet rigid

specifications with a high degree of consistency and reliability," says Russ

Gerrish, Vice President of Operations and Engineering. "Components will start

arriving in the next 3 - 5 weeks, and when complete, our new plant will be

producing aggregates at the rate of 1,400 tonnes per hour or more. The new plant

has been tailored to maximize the potential of our limestone deposit, and will

have the production capability to deliver the full range of aggregate products

that meet or exceed Alberta Transportation and CSA specifications. This new

crushing plant will operate in addition to the contract crushing spread already

producing on site."



PURCHASED THREE ROTARY KILNS



Birch Mountain purchased three existing rotary kilns and associated pre-heaters

from Northwest Alloys, Inc., a subsidiary of ALCOA. Following regulatory

approval, quicklime plants incorporating the kilns will be constructed and

phased into production providing up to of 400,000 tonnes of quicklime per year.

A contractor has begun to dismantle the equipment at its current location in

Addy, Washington, and is preparing it for shipment to the Hammerstone site.

"Purchasing new equipment currently involves long lead-times and a risk of cost

escalation. We've had independent verification of the suitability of this

equipment for our applications, enabling us to proceed with confidence that we

will achieve our schedule for producing our first lime in early 2009," says

Kershaw. "Having sourced these long lead-time items, including detailed

engineering drawings, gives us improved capital cost and project schedule

certainty."



Birch Mountain is developing the industrial mineral potential of its extensive

mineral properties in the oil sands region of northeastern Alberta and believes

the strong global demand for oil and the heightened profile of Alberta's oil

sands will ensure long-term demand for limestone products from the MVQ and

Hammerstone Project.



Forward Looking Statements: This news release contains certain forward-looking

statements. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included

herein, including without limitation, statements regarding potential

mineralization, resources and reserves, exploration results, research and

development results, and the future plans and objectives of Birch Mountain are

forward-looking statements that involve various risks and uncertainties. There

can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and actual

results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such

statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ

materially from Birch Mountain's expectations are disclosed elsewhere in

documents that are available to the public at  http://www.sedar.com/  and

http://www.sec.gov/ .



The TSX Venture Exchange does not accept responsibility for the adequacy



or accuracy of this news release.



CONTACT: Douglas Rowe, President & CEO or Derrick Kershaw, Senior Vice

President, Birch Mountain Resources Ltd., Tel (403) 262-1838, Fax (403)

263-9888,  http://www.birchmountain.com/



SOURCE Birch Mountain Resources Ltd.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





