aa,PR Newswire,20120920,16:15,331722
                              41 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                    September 20, 2012 Thursday 4:15 PM EST



Michael G. Morris and Dr. E. Gordon Gee Appointed to the Limited Brands, Inc.

Board of Directors



LENGTH: 1062 words



DATELINE: COLUMBUS, Ohio, Sept. 20, 2012





Today Limited Brands (NYSE: LTD) announced the appointments of Michael G. Morris

and Dr. E. Gordon Gee to its Board of Directors.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20020520/CLM001LOGO )



Mr. Morris is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of American Electric Power

Co., Inc., one of the nation's largest generators of electricity.  From January

2004 until his retirement in November 2011, Mr. Morris was also the president

and chief executive officer of American Electric Power. In addition, Mr. Morris

currently serves as a director of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.

and Alcoa Inc. He holds a B.A. and master's degree from Eastern Michigan

University and a J.D. from the Detroit College of Law.



Dr. Gee is president of The Ohio State University, a world-class public research

institution and one of the nation's most distinguished land-grant universities.

Prior to his service at Ohio State, he led Vanderbilt University, Brown

University, The Ohio State University (1990-97), the University of Colorado, and

West Virginia University. Active in a number of national professional and

service organizations, he also serves on the boards for Bob Evans Inc., the Rock

and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum, Inc. and the National 4-H Council.  He

graduated from the University of Utah with an honors degree in history and

earned his J.D. and Ed.D degrees from Columbia University.



"I am excited to welcome Mike and Gordon to our Board," said Leslie H. Wexner,

chairman and chief executive officer of Limited Brands. "I'm confident that

their substantial experience and thinking will challenge us to continue to get

better ... something we're focused on every day.  We're truly fortunate that

they are on our team."



ABOUT LIMITED BRANDS:



Limited Brands, through Victoria's Secret, Pink, Bath & Body Works, La Senza and

Henri Bendel, is an international company.  The company operates 2,622 specialty

stores in the United States and its brands are sold in more than 700

company-operated and franchised additional locations world-wide.  The company's

products are also available online at http://www.VictoriasSecret.com ,

http://www.BathandBodyWorks.com , http://www.HenriBendel.com and

http://www.LaSenza.com .



Limited Brands b-roll footage of stores is available through our online newsroom

.



Safe Harbor Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995



Limited Brands, Inc. cautions that any forward-looking statements (as such term

is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) contained in

this press release or the August sales call involve risks and uncertainties and

are subject to change based on various factors, many of which are beyond our

control.  Accordingly, our future performance and financial results may differ

materially from those expressed or implied in any such forward-looking

statements.  Words such as "estimate," "project," "plan," "believe," "expect,"

"anticipate," "intend," "planned," "potential" and any similar expressions may

identify forward-looking statements.  Risks associated with the following

factors, among others, in some cases have affected and in the future could

affect our financial performance and actual results and could cause actual

results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any

forward-looking statements included in this press release or the August sales

call:



general economic conditions, consumer confidence, consumer spending patterns and

market disruptions including severe weather conditions, natural disasters,

health hazards, terrorist activities, financial crises, political crises or

other major events, or the prospect of these events;  the seasonality of our

business; the dependence on a high volume of mall traffic and the possible lack

of availability of suitable store locations on appropriate terms; our ability to

grow through new store openings and existing store remodels and expansions; our

ability to successfully expand into international markets and related risks; our

independent licensees and franchisees; our direct channel business; our failure

to protect our reputation and our brand images; our failure to protect our trade

names, trademarks and patents; the highly competitive nature of the retail

industry generally and the segments in which we operate particularly; consumer

acceptance of our products and our ability to keep up with fashion trends,

develop new merchandise and launch new product lines successfully; our reliance

on foreign sources of production, including risks related to: political

instability; duties, taxes and other charges on imports; legal and regulatory

matters; volatility in currency exchange rates; local business practices and

political issues; potential delays or disruptions in shipping and related

pricing impacts; the disruption of imports by labor disputes; and changing

expectations regarding product safety due to new legislation; stock price

volatility; our failure to maintain our credit rating; our ability to service

our debt; our ability to retain key personnel; our ability to attract, develop

and retain qualified employees and manage labor costs; the inability of our

manufacturers to deliver products in a timely manner and meet quality standards;

fluctuations in product input costs; fluctuations in energy costs; increases in

the costs of mailing, paper and printing; claims arising from our

self-insurance; our ability to implement and maintain information technology

systems; our failure to comply with regulatory requirements; tax matters; and

legal and compliance matters.



We are not under any obligation and do not intend to make publicly available any

update or other revisions to any of the forward-looking statements contained in

this press release or the August sales call to reflect circumstances existing

after the date of this press release or to reflect the occurrence of future

events even if experience or future events make it clear that any expected

results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements will not be

realized. Additional information regarding these and other factors can be found

in "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in our 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K.



SOURCE Limited Brands







CONTACT: Investor Relations, Amie Preston, +1-614-415-6704,

apreston@limitedbrands.com; Media Relations, Tammy Roberts Myers,

+1-614-415-7072, extcomm@limitedbrands.com



LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





