aa,U.S. Newswire,20080630,15:39,332180
                              499 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                        June 30, 2008 Monday 3:39 PM EST



Stanly County Commissioners Rebut Alcoa Poll on the Yadkin Hydroelectric Project



SECTION: LEGAL AFFAIRS EDITORS



LENGTH: 1295 words



DATELINE: STANLY COUNTY, N.C.,  June 30





Alcoa commissioned the telephone poll of 500 likely N.C. voters from McLaughlin

and Associates of Alexandria, Va., which involved seven questions on the

Project, some prefaced by incomplete information. Stanly County Commissioners

question not only the content but also the timing of the release -- it came out

while members of the House and Senate Conference Committees were debating a

provision in next year's budget to create the Yadkin Study Commission, even

though the three-day survey had been completed on June 22. Such a commission

would merely examine the issues involved in the relicensing over the next year

while maintaining the status quo for the Project. Alcoa was unsuccessful in

trying to stop the formation of the study commission in the Senate budget

hearings.



The Stanly County Commissioners are on record as opposing Alcoa's operation of

the Yadkin Hydroelectric Project and have asked the state to intervene in the

matter, saying that the state's water rights for a public resource such as the

Yadkin River should take precedence over a private firm such as Alcoa having an

unlimited monopoly on it. Similar resolutions have been signed by Davidson,

Randolph, Iredell, Anson, Cabarrus and Union County Boards of Commissioners, as

well as the Centralina Council of Governments.



To help inform all North Carolinians of the facts at hand, the Stanly County

Commissioners have released specific points to respond directly to Alcoa's "push

poll." They are set out below.



1) The questions presented wrong assumptions. The first question asked, "Do you

approve or disapprove of the state government using tax dollars to take over a

privately owned and operated business?" Not surprisingly, most respondents

disapproved. What this has to do with the study commission is hard to figure

out. All the budget provision empowers the commission to do is study the issue

and make recommendations to the General Assembly when it re-convenes next year.



Further, if the State ever created a power authority, there would be no state

tax dollars used because the Yadkin Project annually generates profits that far

exceed its cost -- at least $10 million to $40 million annually for Alcoa, which

has not been forthcoming on how much revenue it generates from selling

hydroelectric power from its operations.



In fact, the survey mentions several different costs for the state, asking

people whether they agree it should cost N.C. taxpayers $25 million in one

question and "hundreds of millions" (their wording) in another. The poll did not

specify where those figures came from while trumpeting the (not surprisingly)

overwhelming opposition to them.



2) The questioning was biased rather than neutral, violating a central tenet in

conducting a survey. Consider this phrasing after the interviewer asks which of

the following statements comes closer to your own point of view: "(SOME/OTHER)

people say the state taking over Alcoa's hydroelectric power project is a

violation of their property rights. Alcoa purchased the land and built the dams,

has operated and maintained them for 100 years, and should have the right to

continue operating the dams if it chooses to renew its license." Compare it to

the other one provided: "(SOME/OTHER) people say that the river belongs to

everyone and that the federal law provides a way for ownership of the dams to be

transferred to the state of North Carolina and it should be owned and operated

by the state government for the public interest."



The first statement is more loaded in its wording, and even worse, it is

incorrect. It does not specify who the "Some/other people" are who think Alcoa's

property rights are being violated, and indeed, few people other than those

connected to Alcoa have stated this position publicly. More troubling is the

implication that since Alcoa purchased the land and built the dams, it

automatically should retain rights to it. This opposes the concept set out by

the 1920 Federal Water Power Act still in effect today, which says that no

claims or titles in fee simple and in perpetuity could pass to private hands, as

ownership in "navigable waters" such as the Yadkin River is vested in the United

States. Instead, the government sets limits for licensing use of such waters,

which is what Alcoa faces with the Project.



Indeed, there is no violation of Alcoa's property rights, since Alcoa agreed, in

order to get its first exclusive 50-year license in 1958, that it was not a

violation of its property rights for the federal law to operate to order a

takeover of its license and property at the end of the 50 years. By not defining

those conditions, the first statement was inaccurate and irrelevant, so the

second choice becomes irrelevant because it cannot be compared fairly to the

first. This question alone should be discounted as an impartial measure of

support for Alcoa.



3) The poll presents false arguments. Another question asked, "Do you support or

oppose the state of North Carolina getting into the power business where the

state would be responsible for owning, running and maintaining power plants and

competing with other utilities?" If the state took over the Yadkin Hydroelectric

Project, it would not be "competing with other utilities," because owning a

hydroelectric project does not come with an electric distribution service

territory for retail customers.



But Alcoa does have one advantage in its present operation with the Project --

it is exempt from oversight by the N.C. Utilities Commission and thus does not

have to follow their guidelines as do Progress Energy, Duke Energy and other

companies. Again, this was not disclosed in the polling.



4) Alcoa framed questions as to what the state is doing, but not about its own

operations. One question started, "At present, the North Carolina state

government does not own, run or maintain any power plants." That is true. So is

this one: "At present, Alcoa does not own, run or maintain any businesses in

North Carolina outside the Yadkin Hydroelectric Plant." But that never came up,

nor did the fact that the firm is facing several lawsuits worldwide and is

considered ripe for a takeover by companies outside the United States, according

to several industry experts. The questions ignored these concerns completely.



5) The survey omitted crucial information about Alcoa's power should it receive

a relicensing. Alcoa's focus has been and most likely will continue to be on

making money from its operations over generating a clean and abundant supply of

water for drinking, recreation and other activities for Stanly and neighboring

counties. In an era where gas runs $4 a gallon and probably will rise even more,

Alcoa will receive a free source of power from the waters of the Yadkin in order

to generate hydroelectricity it can sell to the highest bidder on the power

grid. Alcoa also can sell the license to any third party to take over the dam

operations, including foreign-based companies, and it would remain in effect for

the 50-year period. These are all facts about what powers the license grants to

Alcoa, yet none were discussed when questions were asked.



Reviewing this entire survey, it is obvious that Alcoa had self-serving motives

to create it and crafted the language carefully in its favor. The results

misrepresent the actual overwhelming and very reasonable opposition to Alcoa's

involvement in the Project. If the firm would work harder to improve and resolve

its current operations with the Project rather than spend considerable effort on

activities such as these, it would generate more credibility and public support

for them than this biased poll.



Patty Briguglio



919-233-6600



SOURCE Stanly County Board of Commissioners







Contact: Patty Briguglio, +1-919-233-6600, for Stanly County Board of

Commissioners



LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





