aa,U.S. Newswire,20080421,15:38,332205
                              524 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                       April 21, 2008 Monday 3:38 PM EST



FERC Issues Final Environmental Impact Statement for Yadkin Project



SECTION: STATE EDITORS



LENGTH: 527 words



DATELINE: BADIN, N.C.,  April 21





"This is one of the last major milestones in the relicensing process and moves

us closer to the issuance of a new license," said Gene Ellis, APGI licensing and

property manager. "We were pleased to see the continued support for the

Relicensing Settlement Agreement. As a result, our new license will improve

water quality, allow for increased water withdrawals from the Yadkin River, keep

more water in the reservoirs during periods of drought, create new recreational

opportunities and protect more than 6,000 acres of land for conservation,

recreation and game lands."



Support for a new license



After considering all relevant economic and environmental concerns, FERC staff

support a new license for the Yadkin Project. The Executive Summary of the Final

EIS states:





    Based on our independent analysis of the Yadkin Project and the Yadkin-Pee

    Dee River Project, including our consideration of all relevant economic

    and environmental concerns, we conclude that issuing new licenses for the

    Projects as proposed by Alcoa Generating and Progress Energy, along with

    staff's modifications and additions to those proposals, would be best

    adapted to a comprehensive plan for the proper use, conservation, and

    development of the Yadkin and Pee Dee rivers.







Takeover option eliminated from consideration



The Final EIS reiterates the previous determination by FERC staff that a federal

takeover of the project will not be considered. In a section titled, "Other

Alternatives Considered But Eliminated From Detailed Study" (pg. 35), the

document states:





    Federal Government Takeover: We do not consider federal takeover to be a

    reasonable alternative for the Projects. Federal takeover of the Projects

    would require Congressional approval. While that fact alone would not

    preclude further consideration of this alternative, there is currently no

    evidence showing that a federal takeover should be recommended to

    Congress. No federal agency has suggested that federal takeover would be

    appropriate, and no federal agency has expressed an interest in operating

    the Projects.







"Hopefully, this will send a strong message to those who continue to promote the

idea that the federal government should take control of our business," Ellis

said. "No federal agencies have expressed any desire to take over the project

and the deadlines for pursuing such an option for long since passed."



New license expected in 3 to 5 months



APGI officials expect FERC to issue a new license within three to five months.

Since the new license will be issued after the current license expires on April

30, FERC will issue an annual license for the Yadkin Project on or before that

date. APGI will operate under the annual license until a new license takes

effect.



A complete copy of the Final Environmental Impact Statement is available online

at: http://www.ferc.gov using the "eLibrary" link.



SOURCE Alcoa Power Generating Inc.







Contact: Robert Brown for Alcoa Power Generating Inc., +1-919-810-1901,

robert@rbpr.com; or Gene Ellis, Licensing and Property Manager of Alcoa Power

Generating Inc., +1-704-422-5606, +1-704-796-5824 Mobile, gene.ellis@alcoa.com



LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





