aa,PR Newswire,20090518,12:00,332070
                              389 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        May 18, 2009 Monday 4:00 PM GMT



Daniel Goldstein is Joining Clean Skies.tv News



LENGTH: 432 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 18





WASHINGTON, May 18 /PRNewswire/ -- Daniel Goldstein, one of Washington, DC's

most respected energy journalists, will join Clean Skies.tv News, it was

announced today by Susan McGinnis, Anchor and Managing Editor of Clean Skies.tv

News.



Goldstein will serve as an on-air and web reporter for Clean Skies.tv News,

covering government institutions such as the Environmental Protection Agency,

Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, Securities and Exchange Commission, and

the White House Council on Environmental Quality, beginning June 1, 2009.



Goldstein comes to Clean Skies.tv News from Platts, a leading global provider of

energy and commodities information, where since 2008 he has been a senior writer

covering energy politics on Capitol Hill and at the White House. He also covered

the G-8 summit in Japan.



"I'm excited to be joining the many accomplished journalists already part of the

Clean Skies.tv News team. Over the past year, Clean Skies has demonstrated they

are an authoritative source for unbiased and in-depth news on the most pressing

energy and environmental topics facing the world today. Over the next year,

Clean Skies will be taking their brand of news to a whole new level and I'm

thrilled to be part of it," said Goldstein.



"We are excited to add Dan Goldstein to our staff of reporters covering energy

and the environment. Dan's experience in covering energy at the many

governmental agencies will be invaluable as Clean Skies.tv becomes the premier

destination for anyone seeking news, information, debate, and in-depth analysis

of the key energy issues facing this nation, and the world," said McGinnis.



After a short stint at American Banker, Goldstein became a reporter at Bloomberg

News where he covered the ethanol industry, securities regulation, commodities

markets and public offerings.



During his eight-year career at Bloomberg, Goldstein broke the story of then

Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill's refusal, to divest himself of $100 million in

share and stock options in Alcoa, the company he previously headed.



Goldstein graduated from UC Santa Cruz in 1994. He attended the Graduate School

of Journalism at UC Berkeley, where he studied television news production and

magazine writing; studied at the University of Wales, Aberystwyth; and is a

graduate of the Washington Center for Politics and Journalism.



Goldstein previously served the community of Rockville, MD as a volunteer

firefighter/EMT and now lives in Frederick, MD with his wife, Judy, and son,

Matthew.



For more information: Jim Allen (202) 421-4628



SOURCE Clean Skies.tv







CONTACT:Jim Allen +1-202-421-4628



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





