
                              822 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                            June 16, 2004 Wednesday



Engineered Components Receive Industry Recognition From American Foundry

Society;

BMW Rear Lower Control Arm Named Casting of the Year



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 620 words



DATELINE: DES PLAINES, Ill. June 16





Eleven cast component designs earned recognition at the 2004 Metalcasting

Congress in Rosemont, Ill. The fourth annual American Foundry Society Casting

Competition attracted components from every metal type and casting process and

industries such as automotive, military, construction, medical and electrical.



Key among the benefits OEMs found through these designs were gains in: speed to

market; part consolidations; reductions and/or elimination of machining, welding

and assembly time; weight reductions; dimensional tolerances improvements; and

total system cost reduction.



Following is a look at each of the 11 award-winning components.



2004 Casting of the Year



Alcoa Automotive Castings Inc., Farmington Hills, Mich., and Farsund, Norway --

Hollow Rear Lower Control Arm for BMW.



The hollow aluminum design yields a 40% mass reduction when compared to a

fabricated steel control arm and up to a 30% reduction compared to a solid

aluminum one. In application, the component improves vehicle ride and handling

by reducing un-sprung mass. The part (used on the BMW X5 SUV, 5- and 7-Series

sedans, 5-Series Touring Wagon and Rolls Royce) provides exceptionally high

stiffness, yielding an efficient transfer of loads from the vehicle wheels to

the subframe.



2004 Best-in-Class



Denison Industries, Denison, Texas -- Air House Inlet for an Off-Road Military

Vehicle



Sand cast aluminum facilitated close adherence to the cost and weight

restrictions on the component. Due to the size of the casting (nearly 6 ft. in

height) and wall thickness, the metalcaster maintained tight process controls to

ensure directional solidification.



The Dotson Co., Mankato, Minn. -- Rear Chute Pivot for Concrete Mixer Trucks



The ductile iron casting equaled the weight of the previous component (a

nine-piece steel weldment plus the shaft) and reduced cost by $72 per part.



General Motors Powertrain, Massena, N.Y. -- Inline 4 Automotive Engine Cylinder

Block



The aluminum engine cylinder block is being used to replace several GM blocks

and has significantly increased power and torque compared to previous engines.

It improved fuel economy, reduced emissions, added horsepower and reduced noise

and vibration.



Intermet Corp., Palmyra Plant, Palmyra, Mo. -- Computer Network Storage Unit

Housing



The magnesium component was converted from an eight-piece sheet metal

fabrication. The casting is 25% lighter, reduced assembly time by 50% and

reduced tooling costs significantly.



Piad Precision Casting Corp., Greensburg, Pa. -- Adapter for Power Pallet Trucks



The yellow brass casting replaced a 13-piece aluminum fabrication at a 25% cost

reduction and increased throughput and simplified procurement significantly.



2004 Honorable Mentions



Aristo Cast Inc., Almont, Mich. -- Swing Arm for an Unmanned Military Vehicle



The aluminum component was produced via rapid prototyping and delivered 16

calendar days after the date of the order.



Elmira Pattern & Foundry Co., Elmira Heights, N.Y. -- Permanent Magnet Brushless

Motor



The 750-hp. motor includes a stainless steel cooling coil and 496 heat sink pins

that were cast-in.



Fansteel/Wellman Dynamics, Creston, Iowa -- Main Transmission Housing The

magnesium casting was consolidated from a five-piece fabrication at a 30% cost

savings.



GEN Manufacturing Ltd., Coaldale, Alberta, Canada -- Dual Delivery Seed &

Fertilizer Tool



Castings were chosen over weldments because of the curved design and a 20% cost

reduction.



Irish Foundry & Manufacturing, Seattle -- Home Heating/Water Heating Burner



Conversion to the lost foam process allowed for 211 gas burner holes to be

cast-in.



SOURCE American Foundry Society



CONTACT: Alfred Spada of American Foundry Society, +1-800-537-4237, ext. 281,

aspada@afsinc.org



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS EDITOR



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





