aa,PR Newswire US,20070412,10:15,332293
                              612 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      April 12, 2007 Thursday 2:15 PM GMT



AMR Research Announces Agenda for its Supply Chain Executive Conference General

Colin Powell to Keynote Event



LENGTH: 476 words



DATELINE: BOSTON April 12





BOSTON, April 12  /PRNewswire/ -- Today, AMR Research announced the final agenda

for its Supply Chain Executive Conference, which will be held at The Phoenician

Resort in Scottsdale, Arizona from May 30th - June 1st.  The agenda includes a

keynote speech by former Secretary of State and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of

Staff Colin Powell.



The conference is the latest in a series of AMR Research events that raise

awareness of the impact of global supply chains on vital world issues like

sustainability, development economics, and disaster preparedness.  Past speakers

include former President Bill Clinton, former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan

Greenspan, and MIT Professor of Economics Erik Brynjolfsson.



Presentations and sessions at this year's conference will focus on the theme of

handling strategic risk and opportunity across a global supply chain. In his

keynote, Colin Powell will draw on his experience as both a soldier and

statesman in developing and executing strategies for managing risk while seizing

opportunity.



In addition to AMR Research analysts, executives scheduled to present at the

conference on the first day include:



  -- Erik Autor, Vice President, Trade Counsel, National Retail Federation

   -- Irial Finan, President, Bottling Investments and Supply Chain, The

      Coca-Cola Company

   -- Anita Roper, Director Sustainability, Alcoa

   -- Howard Smith, Global Vice President, Supply Chain Operations, Polo

      Ralph Lauren

   -- Tom van Laar, Head Global Technical Operations, Novartis Pharma AG

   -- Jim Waters, Vice President Caterpillar Production System Division,

      Caterpillar, Inc.

   -- Don Weintritt, Director of Global Supply Chain, Dow Chemical







The final day of the conference is designed to offer specific tactical tools for

practitioners.  A series of classroom-style sessions will be offered on the

following topics:



  -- Collaborative Planning

   -- Supply Network Design and Management

   -- Demand-Driven Transformation

   -- Retail

   -- Operations Excellence

   -- Performance Management







Availability is limited.  For more information, or to register, please visit

http://www.amrresearch.com/events .  For press registration, please contact

Kevin Reilly at  kreilly@amrresearch.com .



About AMR Research:



Research and Advice that Matters: AMR Research is the No. 1 advisory firm

focused on supply chain, enterprise applications, and infrastructure. Founded in

1986, AMR Research provides advisory services and peer networking opportunities

to supply chain and technology professionals in the manufacturing and retail

sectors. To learn more about our research and services, visit

http://www.amrresearch.com/ .



  Press Contact:

   Kevin Reilly

    kreilly@amrresearch.com

   617-350-1745





CONTACT: Kevin Reilly of AMR Research, +1-617-350-1745,

 kreilly@amrresearch.com



Web site:   http://www.amrresearch.com/



SOURCE AMR Research



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





