aa,U.S. Newswire,20071206,10:44,332247
                              566 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                     December 6, 2007 Thursday 10:44 AM EST



Greater Cleveland Partnership Supports Amending State Energy Bill to Develop

Advanced Energy Resources



SECTION: STATE EDITORS



LENGTH: 578 words



DATELINE: CLEVELAND,  Dec. 6





The Greater Cleveland Partnership (GCP) Board of Directors has approved a

forward-thinking energy policy that calls for maintaining stable rates and

fostering development of advanced energy resources. With the state energy bill

(S.B. 221) entering a critical stage, the GCP Energy Policy outlines a plan to

meet the enormous challenges facing Ohio.



Through GCP's catalytic endeavors to develop business growth in Northeast Ohio,

it is promoting an energy policy to keep costs manageable and improve Ohio's

business environment. "Like many of the business groups in Ohio, the GCP

supports maintaining predictable rates for business big and small which are

dealing with some of the highest utility rates and energy costs in the country,"

said Joe Roman, GCP president. "Where we decided to take a stand is in the

development of alternative energy sources, which present tremendous economic

development opportunities. Northeast Ohio should lead the way in promoting their

use."





    The GCP Energy Policy has four overarching goals:

    1. Sound energy policy at the state and federal level should move Ohio and

       the nation toward energy independence through less reliance on foreign

       sources and by stimulating long-term economic growth.

    2. In the overall context of development of a sound energy policy, the GCP

       supports Governor Ted Strickland's hybrid proposal for setting rates.

    3. The bill should include an aggressive advanced energy portfolio

       standard (AEPS) to generate economic growth and mitigate the economic

       impacts associated with environmental regulations, as well as effective

       benchmarks for implementation.

    4. The GCP supports the elements of the bill that will provide incentives

       that capitalize on Ohio's abundance of coal, encouraging the use of

       clean coal technology.





No other region of Ohio has more to gain by the development of advanced energy

sources. Cleveland is a leader with its world-class educational institutions,

healthcare and research assets and strong manufacturing base. Bill Christopher,

GCP's chair of advocacy and Group President for Alcoa in Cleveland said,

"Cleveland is not only a center for manufacturing, it is also a hotbed for

innovation, and is uniquely positioned to develop advanced energy solutions.

Meeting head-on the environmental challenges facing our region provides the

obvious improvement in our air quality, but also provides economic development

opportunities for the community."



GCP is committed to taking an active role in shaping Ohio and the Federal energy

policy. GCP considers the development of new and advanced energy sources to

include clean coal, wind, solar, fuel cells, and nuclear energy. The complete

GCP Energy Policy is available online at www.gcpartnership.com.



The Greater Cleveland Partnership, the primary voice for businesses in Greater

Cleveland, seeks to create jobs and improve the economic vitality of the region.

Its priorities include technology, innovation and high-growth businesses;

connected physical development; education and workforce development; and

business attraction, retention and expansion. The GCP emphasizes service to its

more than 17,700 members; advocacy on behalf of members and the region;

diversity and inclusion; and internationalization of the region and its

businesses.



SOURCE The Greater Cleveland Partnership







Contact: Amanda Marko of The Greater Cleveland Partnership, +1-216-592-2205,

amarko@gcpartnership.com



LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





