aa,PR Newswire,20090810,7:00,332036
                              355 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       August 10, 2009 Monday 7:00 AM EST



Slimbolics Signs Marketing Contract for Its Revolutionary Weight Loss Aid;

DMT Products to Grow Customer Base for Unique All-Natural Gel



LENGTH: 407 words



DATELINE: NEW HOPE, Pa. and LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aug. 10





NEW HOPE, Pa. and LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aug. 10 /PRNewswire/ -- As part of its

nationwide rollout, Slimbolics has signed an agreement with DMT Products to

bring its unique, family-friendly weight-loss product to stores across the

country.



"Being overweight is often a family problem, and Slimbolics provides a solution

that the entire family can participate in," said Jackie McCusker, who developed

the product to quell her and her daughter's desires for junk food. They needed a

product that was all natural and didn't require mixing, counting points, or

eating bland prepared foods to help them refrain from reaching for high-calorie

foods.



Slimbolics, which fits into a purse or pocket for easy use while on the go,

provides immediate satisfaction for hunger cravings. Slimbolics contains a

unique combination of fruit- and plant-based oils that act as a metabolic

catalyst to quell hunger pangs while simultaneously curbing the desire for

sweets.



"Because Slimbolics is safe for the entire family to use, we think it is a

product that should be readily available nationwide," said Tim Ridgeway,

president of DMT Products. "I'm impressed because Slimbolics is one of the few

weight-loss products that is safe for our at-risk teens and pre-teens."



According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 16 percent of

U.S. children, more than 9 million, are overweight or obese -- a number that has

tripled since 1980. In addition, another 15 percent are considered at risk of

becoming overweight.



About Slimbolics



Slimbolics is a safe, effective weight-loss supplement designed to eliminate

hunger pangs while simultaneously reducing the desire for sweets. Developed from

all-natural fruit and plant-based oils, the patent-pending Slimbolics formula is

safe for the whole family to use. For more information, go to

www.slimbolics.com.



About DMT Products



Headquartered in Louisville, KY, DMT Distribution Services has a management team

with more than 75 years' experience in product development, category management,

business development, distribution and marketing. DMT's experience with industry

giants like Coca-Cola, Campbell Soup, Pepsico, Alcoa and Brown-Forman provides

its customers the advantage of diverse thinking and solutions development. For

more information, go to www.dmtproducts.net.



SOURCE Slimbolics, LLC







CONTACT:Ed McCusker, President, CEO, Slimbolics, +1-215-862-1100; or Tim

Ridgeway, President, DMT Products, +1-678-457-7592



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





