aa,PR Newswire US,20060224,18:07,332392
                              711 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                     February 24, 2006 Friday 11:07 PM GMT



Vectren Gains Approval For Additional Environmental Improvements



LENGTH: 848 words



DATELINE: EVANSVILLE, Ind. Feb. 24





EVANSVILLE, Ind., Feb. 24  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- A ruling by the Indiana

Utility Regulatory Commission (IURC) this week means cleaner air for

Southwestern Indiana and additional jobs as construction is set to begin on two

additional environmental projects for Vectren Energy Delivery of Indiana South

(a subsidiary of Vectren Corporation NYSE: VVC).



The new multi-emission settlement between Vectren and the Indiana Office of

Utility Consumer Counselor (OUCC) ensures Vectren's electric generation fleet

will be 100 percent scrubbed for sulfur dioxide (SO2), 90 percent scrubbed for

nitrogen oxide (NOx), and will further reduce mercury to meet new mercury

reduction requirements.  This level of emissions reductions makes Vectren an

industry leader in its environmental stewardship efforts.



"Environmental stewardship continues to be a core value of our business. This

plan further demonstrates that commitment and provides opportunity to continue

utilizing Indiana coal to provide efficient and low-cost energy to our local

customers," said Carl Chapman, Vectren's executive vice president and chief

operating officer.



The project consists of expenditures of approximately $110 million to fund the

construction of a flue gas desulfurization system (scrubber) at Warrick Unit 4

which Vectren co-owns with ALCOA, scheduled for completion by 2010, and the

installation of a fabric filter at Culley 3, scheduled to be complete by

mid-2007.  Both projects will begin during 2006 and employ several hundred

construction workers.



"Our multi-emission control strategy enables us to use improved technologies to

reduce several emissions at the same time," Chapman said. "These large

construction projects must be planned around maintenance and planned outages at

the plants and will be completed during the next several years.  This additional

capital investment positions our plants to continue to use local coal reserves

and operate in an environmentally responsible manner."



The IURC approval includes a cost recovery mechanism to spread the cost over

multiple years to minimize customer impact.  When fully implemented, this

proposal would mean an approximate 6 to 8 percent increase for a typical Vectren

residential electric customer.



On March 10, 2005, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued its

Clean Air Interstate Rule (CAIR).  The new CAIR mandates state implementation

plan revisions in 29 states, including Indiana, requiring further reductions of

NOx and SO2 beyond those currently required in the NOx SIP Call and Acid Rain

Program.  Similarly, on March 15, 2005, EPA finalized its Clean Air Mercury Rule

(CAMR).  The CAMR establishes a market-based cap and trade approach under which

each state is assigned a mercury emission budget to be allocated among

generation units within the state.  Under the new CAMR, nationwide mercury

emission will be reduced 70 percent from current levels.



By using a combination of scrubbers, fabric filters and the recently installed

selective catalytic reduction devices (SCRs), Vectren will have the best

available mercury reduction equipment in place.  These projects also should help

to alleviate PM2.5 (fine particulate, dust and aerosols) non- attainment in

Southwestern Indiana.



SCRs remove NOx from the flue gas created from the combustion of coal by

electric generating facilities.  Both the scrubber and fabric filter are

advanced technologies designed to reduce air emissions from existing sources

fueled by coal.  In this case, the construction of a scrubber and fabric filter

will allow Vectren the continued use of these two low-cost units (Warrick 4 and

Culley 3) for baseload generation.



Vectren owns and operates 1351 MW of total generating capacity.  Vectren's

baseload units include the following: A.B. Brown 1, 250 (MW); A.B. Brown 2, 250

(MW); Culley 1, 46 (MW); Culley 2, 90 (MW); Culley 3, 270 (MW); Warrick 4, 150

(MW) (represents Vectren's 1/2 interest in Warrick 4 -- a 300 MW unit co- owned

with Alcoa Corporation).  Vectren also has 295 MW of gas-fired peaking capacity.



Vectren's first Environmental Stewardship Report is currently available for

download at  http://www.vectren.com/  .



Vectren Corporation is an energy and applied technology holding company

headquartered in Evansville, Indiana.  Vectren's energy delivery subsidiaries

provide gas and/or electricity to over one million customers in adjoining

service territories that cover nearly two-thirds of Indiana and west central

Ohio.  Vectren's non-regulated subsidiaries and affiliates currently offer

energy-related products and services to customers throughout the Midwest and

Southeast.  These include gas marketing and related services; coal production

and sales; and utility infrastructure services.  To learn more about Vectren,

visit  http://www.vectren.com/  .



CONTACT:  Mike Roeder, Director - Corporate Communications,

+1-812-491-4143,  mroeder@vectren.com  , or Steve Schein, Vice President -

Investor Relations, +1-812-491-4209,  sschein@vectren.com  , both of Vectren

Corporation



Web site:   http://www.vectren.com/



SOURCE Vectren Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





