aa,PR Newswire,20110927,16:05,331859
                              178 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     September 27, 2011 Tuesday 4:05 PM EST



Smith & Wesson Announces CEO Transition;

Firearm President P. James Debney Appointed to Succeed CEO Michael F. Golden;

Golden Appointed Co-Vice Chairman of Board of Directors



LENGTH: 937 words



DATELINE: SPRINGFIELD, Mass., Sept. 27, 2011





Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation (NASDAQ Global Select: SWHC), a leader in the

business of safety, security, protection, and sport, today announced that, in

accordance with the company's comprehensive management succession planning

process, P. James Debney has been appointed President, Chief Executive Officer,

and a member of the Board of Directors, effective immediately. Debney previously

served as Vice President of Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation and President of

the company's firearm division. Michael F. Golden, who has been Smith & Wesson's

President and Chief Executive Officer, will continue as a member of the Board of

Directors and has been appointed as Co-Vice Chairman of the Board.



Barry M. Monheit, Chairman of the Board of Smith & Wesson, said, "On behalf of

the Board of Directors, I would like to thank Mike Golden for his many

contributions over the past seven years. Under his leadership, we expanded our

sales channels and introduced a number of exciting new products that supported

our firearm revenue growth, extended our market reach, and built upon the

awareness of our iconic Smith & Wesson brand."



Mike Golden commented, "I would like to congratulate James on this well deserved

promotion. During his tenure, our firearm division delivered growth, product

innovation, and the expansion of our company's brand in the firearm industry

with consumers and professionals alike. I look forward to working with James to

deliver a seamless transition, while continuing to serve as a resource to the

company in my role on the Board."



James Debney stated, "My experience in the firearm division has provided me a

deep appreciation for our product innovation, our commitment to customers, and

our talented and dedicated employees. I am honored to have the opportunity to

lead Smith & Wesson into its very exciting future."



Debney, (44), has been President of Smith & Wesson's firearm division since

November 2009. Prior to that, he was President of Presto Products Company, a

$500 million plastic products business unit formerly of Alcoa Consumer Products.

At Presto, he created and executed sales, marketing, and operations strategies

as well as oversaw all aspects of the growing business, composed of four

business units with five manufacturing facilities in the United States and

partnerships in Asia. Prior to Presto Products, Debney held a series of

increasingly responsible operations management and business leadership roles

with Baco Consumer Products, also a business unit formerly of Alcoa. Debney

holds a Bachelor of Science in Chemistry with Honors from the University of

Manchester, Institute of Science and Technology, and a Certificate of Business

Administration from the University of Keele, both in the United Kingdom.



Conference Call and Webcast



The company will host a conference call and webcast today, September 27, 2011,

at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time (2:00 p.m. Pacific Time). Speakers on the conference

call will include P. James Debney, Smith & Wesson President and Chief Executive

Officer, Michael F. Golden, Co-Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, and

Jeffrey D. Buchanan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The

conference call may include forward-looking statements. Those interested in

listening to the call via telephone may call directly at 617-614-2714 and

reference conference code 94532462. No RSVP is necessary. The conference call

audio webcast can also be accessed live and for replay on the company's website

at www.smith-wesson.com, under the Investor Relations section. The company will

maintain an audio replay of this conference call on its website for a period of

time after the call. No other audio replay will be available.



About Smith & Wesson



Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation (NASDAQ Global Select: SWHC) is a U.S.-based,

global provider of products and services for safety, security, protection, and

sport. The company delivers a broad portfolio of firearms and related training

to the military, law enforcement, and sports markets, and designs and constructs

facility perimeter security solutions for military and commercial applications.

Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation companies include Smith & Wesson Corp., the

globally recognized manufacturer of quality firearms; Smith & Wesson Security

Solutions, Inc., a full-service perimeter security integrator, barrier

manufacturer, and installer; and Thompson/Center Arms Company, Inc., a premier

designer and manufacturer of premium hunting firearms. Smith & Wesson facilities

are located in Massachusetts, Maine, and Tennessee. For more information on

Smith & Wesson and its companies, call (800) 331-0852 or log on to

www.smith-wesson.com.



Safe Harbor Statement



Certain statements contained in this press release may be deemed to be

forward-looking statements under federal securities laws, and the company

intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe-harbor

created thereby. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding

the company's goals, strategies, and prospects. The company cautions that these

statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to

differ materially from those reflected by such forward-looking statements. Such

factors include the ability of the company to smoothly transition management;

the demand for the company's products; the company's growth opportunities; and

other risks detailed from time to time in the company's reports filed with the

SEC.



Contacts:

Liz Sharp, VP Investor Relations

Smith & Wesson Holding Corp.

(413) 747-3304

lsharp@smith-wesson.com



SOURCE Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





