aa,PR Newswire,20120315,9:00,331799
                              118 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      March 15, 2012 Thursday 9:00 AM EST



Whirlpool Corporation Names Jose Drummond President, Europe, Middle East and

Africa; Joao Carlos Brega to Succeed Drummond as President Whirlpool Latin

America



LENGTH: 454 words



DATELINE: BENTON HARBOR, Mich., March 15, 2012





Whirlpool Corporation (NYSE: WHR) today announced that Jose A. Drummond Jr.,

currently executive vice president of Whirlpool Corporation and president of

Whirlpool Latin America, has been appointed executive vice president of

Whirlpool Corporation and president of Whirlpool Europe, Middle East and Africa

(EMEA). Drummond will continue to report to Michael A. Todman, president,

Whirlpool International. He replaces Bracken Darrell who resigned from the

company.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20040202/DETU004LOGO )



Whirlpool Corporation also announced today that Joao Carlos Brega, currently

president of Embraco, the company's compressor business, will become executive

vice president of Whirlpool Corporation and president of Whirlpool Latin

America. Brega will also report to Todman.



Roberto H. Campos, currently vice president of business and marketing, and

Embraco electronic controls, will succeed Brega as president of Embraco.



Drummond became executive vice president, Whirlpool Corporation, and president,

Whirlpool Latin America, in September 2008. Previously, he was president,

Whirlpool Latin America Home Appliances. He joined Whirlpool in 1999 as

director, procurement, Whirlpool Latin America, and held a number of managerial

positions, including vice president, sales and marketing, Whirlpool Latin

America, and vice president, supply chain, Whirlpool Europe. Prior to joining

Whirlpool, Drummond worked for Alcoa Aluminio and Accenture.



Brega became president, Embraco, in 2009. Previously, he was president,

Whirlpool Mexico and Canada. Prior to this role, he was chief financial officer

for Whirlpool Latin America. Brega joined Whirlpool in 1995 and served as

operations director for Argentina and Chile, and finance director for North

America and Latin America. Prior to Whirlpool, he worked for Sharp for Brazil.



Campos joined Embraco in 1987. He recently worked as vice president, business

and marketing, and Embraco electronic controls. Prior to that, he was vice

president, research and development and worked in several operational areas of

Embraco.



About Whirlpool Corporation Whirlpool Corporation is the world's leading

manufacturer and marketer of major home appliances, with annual sales of

approximately $19 billion in 2011, 68,000 employees, and 66 manufacturing and

technology research centers around the world. The company markets Whirlpool,

Maytag, KitchenAid, Jenn-Air, Amana, Brastemp, Consul, Bauknecht and other major

brand names to consumers in nearly every country around the world. Additional

information about the company can be found at http://www.whirlpoolcorp.com.



SOURCE Whirlpool Corporation







CONTACT:Media Line, Whirlpool Corporation, media@whirlpool.com, +1-269-923-7405



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





