aa,PR Newswire US,20060426,10:55,332381
                              700 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      April 26, 2006 Wednesday 2:55 PM GMT



Thomson Medstat Presents Annual Innovator Award to Texas Health Plan;

Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Texas Honored for Provider Evaluation Initiative

that Improves Healthcare Costs and Quality



LENGTH: 720 words



DATELINE: ANN ARBOR, Mich. April 26





ANN ARBOR, Mich., April 26  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Blue Cross and Blue Shield

of Texas, a division of Health Care Service Corporation, is being honored for

its innovative use of healthcare data analytics to achieve significant business

results.  Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Texas has received the third annual

Innovator Award from Thomson Medstat, a healthcare information business and part

of The Thomson Corporation (NYSE: TOC; TSX: TOC).  The award was presented at

Connection 2006, the annual Medstat customer conference, which is underway in

Phoenix, Ariz.



The winning project created a clinically based methodology for comparing the

cost of care delivered by physicians and other healthcare professionals in its

statewide Preferred Provider Organization network.



"Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Texas is honored to receive recognition for our

efforts to manage the cost of healthcare while maintaining high quality," said

Dr. William Taylor, regional medical director, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of

Texas.  "This initiative resulted in a more affordable network of providers who

deliver quality healthcare -- good news for employers and the people of Texas."



"The Medstat Innovator Award program honors organizations that tackle the

challenges facing the healthcare system with creative, scientifically sound

solutions," said Carol Diephuis, executive vice president of Thomson Medstat.

"Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Texas has demonstrated that the most powerful

solutions balance the needs of organizations that provide healthcare and those

that pay for healthcare."



Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Texas was selected from a field of six Innovator

Award finalists.  The other finalists and their nominated projects are as

follows:



*  Alcoa, Inc., the world's leading producer of aluminum, used medical claims

data to educate employees about their healthcare utilization history, enabling

them to make better choices when they selected health benefits.



*  The Program Integrity Unit of the Georgia Department of Community Health

dramatically increased its financial recoveries in fraud, waste, abuse, and

overpayment cases through data analysis and organizational process changes.



*  Keystone Mercy Health Plan, a Pennsylvania Medicaid HMO, adopted proactive

case management which uses prospective risk scores to identify high- risk

beneficiaries and manage their chronic conditions.



*  Liberty Mutual, a diversified global insurer, developed a tool that

transforms raw medical, indemnity, and claims information into business

intelligence that policyholders can use to lower workers' compensation costs

without compromising the quality of care.



*  The Office of Retirement Services of the Michigan Department of Management

and Budget analyzed prescription drug use and expenses for its Medicare-age

population and identified two Medicare Part D options that will avoid millions

of dollars in costs.



The Thomson Corporation and Thomson Medstat



The Thomson Corporation ( http://www.thomson.com/  ), with 2005 revenues of

$8.70 billion, is a global leader in providing integrated information solutions

to business and professional customers.  Thomson provides value- added

information, software tools and applications to more than 20 million users in

the fields of law, tax, accounting, financial services, higher education,

reference information, corporate e-learning and assessment, scientific research

and healthcare.  With operational headquarters in Stamford, Conn., Thomson has

approximately 40,000 employees and provides services in approximately 130

countries.  The Corporation's common shares are listed on the New York and

Toronto stock exchanges (NYSE: TOC; TSX: TOC). Medstat ( http://www.medstat.com/

) is a Thomson healthcare business that provides market intelligence and

benchmark databases, decision support solutions, and research services for

managing the cost and quality of healthcare.  Medstat applies these capabilities

to improve policy and management decision making for employers, government

agencies, health plans, hospitals and provider networks, and pharmaceutical

companies.



CONTACT:  David Wilkins, +1-734-913-3397,  david.wilkins@thomson.com  , or

Melissa Francis, +1-734-913-3596,  melissa.francis@thomson.com  , both of

Thomson Medstat



Web site:   http://www.medstat.com/



SOURCE Thomson Medstat



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





