
                              838 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                             March 29, 2004 Monday



Hungarian Technology Center to Participate in CeBIT America;

-Hungarian Organization, Based in Tyson's Corner, Virginia, Establishing

Footprint in US Technology Market -



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 930 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK March 29





CeBIT America, the premier information and communications technology (ICT) event

for the enterprise business marketplace, today announced that the Hungarian

Technology Center (HTEC) will participate in its second annual trade fair,

taking place May 25-27, 2004 at the Javits Center.



HTEC, located in Tyson's Corner, Virginia's High Tech corridor, is expanding the

scope of the Hungarian Investment and Trade Development Agency (ITDH) to focus

on the high technology sector. HTEC and ITDH are joining forces to exhibit at

CeBIT America. Visitors are welcome at Booth 4305.



Hungary is a leading source of highly qualified IT experts, and Hungarian

companies are quickly establishing themselves as some of the most reliable

outsourcing partners for developing and supporting complex IT systems. As an

indication of this trend, global brands such as GE, IBM, Siemens, Nokia,

Ericsson and Alcoa - who require partners with business process acumen, not just

pure programming skills -- are making Hungary the new infrastructure leader in

Central Europe by establishing global or regional R&D and operations centers

there. In addition to its human capabilities, Hungary continues to demonstrate

marked advances in technology adoption rates with a 40% increase in new Internet

users in 2003 and 80+% mobile phone penetration.



Launched in 2003 by the Ministry of Informatics and Telecommunications, HTEC is

the first initiative to link the most innovative Hungarian high tech companies

directly with the US market and to help US companies do business in the European

Union, leveraging Hungary's developed IT infrastructure and high quality,

affordable labor force.HTEC is charged with supporting Hungarian companies in

the start-up and expansion phase, by connecting them to the world market,

providing quality market information and education about cutting-edge

technologies, identifying industry niches, developing sales, marketing and

pricing strategies and leveraging collective purchasing power. It is driving

Hungary's effort to join the top tier in international high tech outsourcing by

building the "Hungary" brand and networking and partnering with American and

international companies.



"Hungary has more technology-related Nobel prize winners per capita than any

other country in the world," said Mark Dineen, Managing Director of CeBIT

America.



"With this effort to reinvent itself, Hungary can follow the growth path of

previous success stories, such as Ireland and Finland. We are delighted that

HTEC has chosen CeBIT America as a venue to pursue its goals."



Andrew Gonczi, Director Business Development of HTEC, said, "CeBIT is an ideal

venue for HTEC. The event includes best-of-breed suppliers of software,

hardware, Internet solutions, networking and communications, and business

applications and services for the enterprise. It is an excellent way for us to

keep our finger on the pulse of the worldwide enterprise technology market and

educate ourselves, and for our companies to network and form alliances and

partnerships. In addition, since CeBIT America ensures a highly qualified



buying audience, we can be confident that we are maximizing the return on our

investment in this trade fair."



Prior to joining HTEC, Mr. Gonczi started Microsoft Hungary, one of the

company's first Eastern European subsidiaries and the fastest growing in Europe

while under his management. Mr. Gonczi then moved to the Microsoft Network to

become Head of International Marketing, and then founded a Hungarian-based

unstructured data management company selling products and services to the US and

the UK.



In addition to the Hungarian Technology Center, a number of countries will be

represented at CeBIT America, many through the more than two dozen International

Pavilions highlighting technology from specific countries and regions, including

Australia, China, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Japan, Korea, Singapore,

Sweden, Taiwan and the United Kingdom. In addition, CeBIT America's content will

reflect the growing globalization of technology and commerce. The Russian

Technology Program at CeBIT America will feature the Russian IT Minister. And,

the highly regarded two-day conference by the Business Council for the United

Nations (BCUN) on international business development, featuring the Chinese IT

Minister and the Brazilian IT Minister, will also return this year.



About CeBIT America



Organized by Princeton, NJ-based Hannover Fairs USA, Inc., CeBIT America is the

premier Information & Communications Technology (ICT) event for the enterprise

business marketplace. Emphasizing the entire spectrum of enterprise technology

-- systems, applications, networking and communications -- this is the only US

forum to explore the full range of next generation global technologies and

solutions.



CeBIT is the world's largest and most influential information and communications

technology trade fair. The flagship event, CeBIT Hannover, runs for seven days

each spring and takes place at the Hannover Fairgrounds in Hannover, Germany.

CeBIT Hannover 2003 used 3.7 million square feet of net display space and hosted

6,602 exhibiting companies, 556,200 visitors and 10,711 journalists. CeBIT

America joins the annual roster of international CeBIT events that includes --

in addition to the original CeBIT in Hannover -- CeBIT Asia (Shanghai, China),

CeBIT Australia (Sydney), and CeBIT Bilisim Eurasia (Istanbul, Turkey). Visit

www.cebit-america.com for more information.



SOURCE CeBIT America



CONTACT: Laura E. Wilker of Makovsky & Co., +1-212-508-9656,

lwilker@makovsky.com, for CeBIT America



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS AND TECHNOLOGY EDITORS



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





