aa,PR Newswire,20110801,15:09,331874
                              193 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       August 1, 2011 Monday 3:09 PM EST



Kevin L. Ridley Appointed General Counsel, Johnson Publishing Company LLC



LENGTH: 534 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, Aug. 1, 2011





Effective Monday, August 1, 2011, Kevin L. Ridley was appointed General Counsel

of Johnson Publishing Company LLC. Ridley will oversee all legal affairs for

Johnson Publishing Company, one of the nation's preeminent media companies,

publisher of EBONY and JET magazines, and owner of Fashion Fair Cosmetics, a

global prestige cosmetics brand for women of color.



Ridley comes to JPC from Exelon Corporation where he served as Assistant General

Counsel from 2002-2011. At Exelon, Ridley was responsible for advising business

units on various commercial and operational matters; advising management on

acquisitions, including negotiating, drafting, and reviewing stock and asset

purchase agreements; and training company personnel on the various company

agreements with a focus on intellectual property, warranty, indemnification, and

limitation of liability provisions; as well as advising on the management of

contest and sweepstakes rules, reviewing ethics policies and compliance, and

developing corporate policies and procedures.



Prior to that Ridley worked for the Chicago Park District where he moved from

Counsel to Acting General Counsel during tenure. Ridley was an Attorney at the

Aluminum Company of America and an Associate at the firm Buchanan Ingersoll

Professional Corporation (currently Buchanan Ingersoll Rooney).



Ridley graduated at the top of his class from the Howard University School of

Law where he earned his JD and where he was on the Howard Law Journal, and

received the "American Jurisprudence Award- Contract. He received his BS in

Business Administration and Management from the Virginia Commonwealth University

and attended Morehouse College where he played on the Morehouse College

Basketball Team.



In addition to his strong corporate resume Ridley serves on the IFF Board and is

a Trustee for the Village of Golf, Illinois.



Linda Johnson Rice, Chairman of Johnson Publishing Company, said, "It is with

great pleasure that I welcome Kevin Ridley to the JPC family. I am confident

that as General Counsel Ridley's strong track record as well as his personal

commitment to the brands and his intellectual strength, will make him the

perfect person to guide our legal team and key members of our senior team as we

continue to develop and grow our iconic brands for the future."



Johnson Publishing Company LLC



Founded in 1942 by John H. Johnson and Eunice W. Johnson, Johnson Publishing

Company is the leading, independently-owned Black American media publisher with

headquarters in Chicago and offices in New York and London. Through its media

division, the Company publishes EBONY and JET, which rank #1 and #3,

respectively, among Black American magazines. The Company also owns Fashion Fair

Cosmetics, which it launched in 1973, a global prestige cosmetics brand for

women of color. Johnson Publishing Company also operated the Ebony Fashion Fair,

the world's largest touring fashion show, which raised over $55 million for

scholarships and various charitable causes. Additional Information about Johnson

Publishing Company LLC is available at www.johnsonpublishing.com.



Press Contact: Alex Rosenfield 212-397-4562arosenfield@johnsonpublishing.com



SOURCE Johnson Publishing Company LLC



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





