aa,PR Newswire US,20060209,10:06,332397
                              716 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                     February 9, 2006 Thursday 3:06 PM GMT



USW Joins Conference to Outline Global Strategies for Trade Unions



LENGTH: 435 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH Feb. 9





PITTSBURGH, Feb. 9  /PRNewswire/ -- A 22-member delegation from the United

Steelworkers (USW) union, including union leaders and supporting staff, are

participating in a conference that begins today in New York City, hosted by

Cornell University.  The conference will address Global Companies and Global

Unions, with an emphasis on Global Research and Global Campaigns.



"More and more of our employers have become global corporations," said USW

International President Leo Gerard.  "We can't kid ourselves.  To continue

maintaining our high standard of living, we can't solely bargain contracts

locally.  We have to deal with multinationals on a global basis."



The conference will focus on several global corporations, including Alcoa and

Exxon Mobil, which are two of the USW's largest employers.



"We've already formed six global alliances with unions in other countries and

we're reinforcing our cross-border networks in dealing with these employers,"

Gerard said.  "Our delegation will analyze the experiences of our union's global

campaigns and those of other trade unions, and determine the type of corporate

research needed to support those campaigns."



USW International Executive Board members attending the conference are Jim

Robinson of Gary, Ind., who chairs the Alcoa bargaining team; Gary Beavers of

Port Arthur, Texas, who leads negotiations at Mobil Exxon; Don Langham of

Mobile, Ala., and Jim Pannell of Nashville, Tenn., who heads the union's

National Oil Bargaining Program.



The USW is sponsoring union representatives from several countries where our

global employers operate.  They include Harold Brewster of the Suriname Bauxite

Mine and Metalworkers' Federation; Adonis Bernardes of Brazil's Sindicato dos

Metalurgicos de Santo Andre; Fernando Lopes of Brazil's CNM/CUT; Gino Govender,

South African Labor Research and Education Institute; Kemal Ozkan from Turkey's

Lastik-Is; Pedro Wasiejko of Argentina's SUTNA; Peter Akpatason, Nigeria's

National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers; and Peter Esele from the

Petroleum & Natural Gas Senior Staff Association of Nigeria.



Also attending at the invitation of the USW are Jamie Clements, Australia;

Wolfgang Kicherer, Germany; Gianni Alioti, Italy; Abdullah Karacan, Turkey;

Kumumba Okugbawa, Nigeria; Nicholas Eremiokhale, Nigeria; Williams Akporera,

Nigeria; Gift Obulor, Nigeria; Okorie Oluchi Ume, Nigeria and Osakwe Godfrew

Chukwudifu, Nigeria.



Contact Gerald Fernandez 412-562-2612



First Call Analyst:

FCMN Contact:



CONTACT: Gerald Fernandez of USW, +1-412-562-2612



Web site:   http://www.steelworkers-usw.org/



SOURCE United Steelworkers



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





