aa,PR Newswire,20080821,20:17,332165
                              484 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     August 21, 2008 Thursday 12:17 PM GMT



Europe's Leading Industrials Will Discuss the Threat of Carbon Leakage at

`Energy Intensive Industries and Climate Change' in Brussels, Belgium, 25 - 27

November 2008



LENGTH: 733 words



DATELINE: LONDON August 21





LONDON, August 21 /PRNewswire/ -- Integer, a leading business consultancy in the

area of global emissions regulations, today announced its latest conference

targeted at Europe's energy intensive Industries and EU Policy makers. 'Energy

Intensive Industries and Climate Change' will be held in Brussels on 25-27

November. The aim of this independent conference is to provide energy intensive

industries with exclusive insight into how other sectors are demonstrating their

exposure to external competition at this time of regulatory uncertainty. As

energy intensive industries express concern about how the new EU climate change

and energy proposals will impact on their competitiveness, the conference will

host high level discussions on minimizing carbon leakage of European industry.



In January this year the EU announced its plans for a new climate and energy

package. The package proposes a revision of the Emissions Trading Scheme, which

will include a tightening of emissions caps and a move towards auctioning of

allowances from 2012. Without similar efforts from countries outside the EU to

dramatically reduce CO2 emissions, Europe's energy intensive industries believe

that the proposals will lead to large-scale relocation of energy intensive

industry to countries outside of Europe, with many feeling that this really is

make or break time for European energy intensive industry.



The conference will feature a keynote from Jill Duggan, Head of International

Emissions Trading at the Department for Environment, Food and Environmental

Affairs (DEFRA) in the UK, who will outline the role of energy intensive

industries in addressing climate change and discuss policy options for a

favorable solution for industry and the environment. A series of high level

presentations from key energy intensive sectors such as Fertilizer, Glass,

Aluminium, Chemical, Refining, Steel and Cement will demonstrate how each

industry believes they will be impacted by the new proposals and how they are

planning for a low carbon future beyond 2012.



'Energy Intensive Industries and Climate Change' is an event focused on European

industry. Integer's Director of Emissions Research, Tim Cheyne, said "Our

purpose is to create an independent meeting place for all European Energy

Intensive Stakeholders to come together and benchmark their position against

other sectors. It is an opportunity for industries to find out how their case

compares to other sectors also seeking a portion of free allowances which will

be in diminishing supply beyond 2012. There is a very clear need for this timely

discussion and we have been delighted with the response from all sectors

concerned."



In a unique gathering of its kind, the conference will bring together senior

decision makers from across Europe's largest industrials such as; Alcoa, Rio

Tinto, Shell International, ThyssenKrupp, UPM, Lafarge Cement, Albemarle, Yara

International, Holcim, DSM Agro and Ineos Chlor. Members from the European

Parliament and European Commission, European Environmental Bureau and DEFRA will

also make up the speaker's panel.



The conference is officially endorsed by BUSINESSEUROPE, Cerame-Unie,

Confederation of European Paper Industries, and EUROFER. This independent forum

will give senior decision makers from Europe's energy intensive industries the

opportunity to meet with policy makers and other sectors to discuss the

consequences of European climate change policy and identify sustainable

solutions for European industry.



About Integer



Integer Research Ltd is a London-based industry analysis company providing

regular research publications, consultancy and events in key commodity

industries. The founders of Integer Research have extensive experience analysing

companies and market trends. The company has become one of the leading suppliers

of specialist financial information, strategy consulting and industry analysis

in environment & emissions steel, fertilizers & Chemicals and wire & cable.



  For further information, visit http://www.integer-research.com/EII



  Contact:



  Amy Woolmer

  General Manager, Industry Conferences

  Tel: +44(0)20-7503-1265

  Email: amy.woolmer@integer-research.com

  Integer Research Ltd, 55 Farringdon Road,

  London EC1M 3JB, United Kingdom





CONTACT: Contact: Amy Woolmer, General Manager, Industry Conferences,

Tel: +44(0)20-7503-1265, Email: amy.woolmer@integer-research.com



SOURCE Integer Research Ltd



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





