aa,PR Newswire,20080206,8:16,332231
                              550 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     February 6, 2008 Wednesday 1:16 PM GMT



ECS Anticipates Paying Out $18 Million to New York Businesses this Summer



LENGTH: 495 words



DATELINE: BUFFALO, N.Y. Feb. 6





BUFFALO, N.Y., Feb. 6 /PRNewswire/ -- Energy Curtailment Specialists, Inc.

(ECS), the largest demand response company in New York's markets, expects to pay

out more than $18 Million during the upcoming summer period to its customers

participating in its Operation Save New York Demand Response Program.



Throughout New York, and across the United States, several thousand large

electricity users receive payments for participating in demand response

programs. Operation Save New York is the single largest such program and is

focused on New York State businesses.



ECS' aggregate customer pool across all of its markets represents an amount of

electricity brought off line equivalent to powering over 800,000 homes. Over the

past 6 years, ECS has paid its program members more than $50 million for their

participation in the various demand response programs. The anticipated funding

for summer 2008 is based on ECS' ramping up of the program, as well as its

bringing available NYSERDA incentives into play for its customers and those

joining the program. These NYSERDA incentives are not included in the $18

Million projected payout figure.



"We encourage businesses to get involved now so they can generate the most

revenue," said Glen Smith, co-founder, president, and chief executive officer of

ECS. "Whatever the facility type, if they are paying at least a few thousand

dollars per month on electricity they probably qualify for our program."



Demand response programs provide reliability to the electric grid by paying

large electricity users for their agreement to conserve use in the event of a

shortage. These programs are an effective solution to the periodic grid

reliability issues faced across the nation by lowering demand rather than

increasing supply. It is also an alternative to building a peaking power plant

that would be needed for only a few days when supply is limited.



Prominent members of Operation Save New York include Marriott International, St.

Mary's Healthcare System, Columbia University and Alcoa.



About Energy Curtailment Specialists, Inc.



Energy Curtailment Specialists, Inc. is the largest privately held demand

response company in the United States, with a current focus in New York,

California, New England, PJM and Kansas City. ECS offers turnkey, administrative

and a la carte demand response services. For more information, call 877-711-5453

or visit http://www.ecsdemandresponse.com/ .



  Contact:

  Tracey Penner

  Communications Specialist, ECS

  877-711-5453 x233

  tpenner@ecsny.com





Available Topic Expert(s): For information on the listed expert(s), click

appropriate link. Glen Smith

http://profnet.prnewswire.com/Subscriber/ExpertProfile.aspx?ei=34707 Stephen

Lynch http://profnet.prnewswire.com/Subscriber/ExpertProfile.aspx?ei=50120



CONTACT: Tracey Penner, Communications Specialist of ECS,

1-877-711-5453 x233, tpenner@ecsny.com



Web site: http://www.ecsny.com/

 http://www.ecsdemandresponse.com/



SOURCE Energy Curtailment Specialists, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





