aa,PR Newswire,20110309,24:19,331929
                              248 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      March 9, 2011 Wednesday 12:19 PM EST



Deceuninck North America Taps Industry Veteran to Serve in Newly Created Role of

Director of Marketing and Innovation;

- David Jacobson Joins Leadership Team at Company's Headquarters in Ohio -



LENGTH: 568 words



DATELINE: MONROE, Ohio, March 9, 2011





MONROE, Ohio, March 9, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Deceuninck North America, a leading

designer and manufacturer of high-quality systems for windows, doors, interiors,

and outdoor living, is pleased to announce the appointment of David Jacobson to

the newly created position of director of marketing and innovation. In this

capacity, Jacobson will direct the company's marketing efforts to a variety of

key audiences for Deceuninck, including customers, prospects, distributors,

fabricators, contractors, and consumers. Jacobson will also oversee the

company's ongoing efforts related to product innovation and design.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110214/NE47651LOGO )



"Deceuninck North America has a firmly established reputation for innovation. We

hold more than 150 patents on processes, technologies and material science. The

company actively pursues a policy of continuously enhancing our integrated

know-how of design, raw materials, tooling and extrusion processing," said Mark

Parrish, president and CEO, Deceuninck North America. "David Jacobson comes to

us with a full understanding of Deceuninck's heritage, and he is excited to help

write the company's next chapter in these critical areas. With his deep

experience in both product design and marketing, we know he will be a critical

asset to our strategic planning and our efforts to continue gaining traction

with key industry stakeholders."



Prior to joining Deceuninck, Jacobson served as product manager, injection

molded product, fence and rail products for PlyGem, where his responsibilities

included product line management, establishing and executing product strategies,

defining new product requirements, forecasting sales, product pricing, project

management, and product launch management. Prior to this role, Jacobson served

as director of design and commercialization for Alcoa, Inc. He previously held

positions with CertainTeed Exterior Products and CertainTeed Siding Products

Group.



Jacobson earned both an MBA in marketing and product development and a BFA in

industrial design from Brigham Young University. He is a member of a variety of

industry associations, including the Product Development Management Association.



For more information on Deceuninck North America, along with its fenestration

and building products solutions, please visit www.deceuninck-americas.com.



About Deceuninck



Deceuninck® North America, LLC is part of the Deceuninck® Group, an integrated

global organization specializing in compounding, tool fabrication, design,

development, extrusion, finishing of PVC-U window systems and composite

applications for the building industry. The company is active in more than 75

countries, has 35 subsidiaries (production and/or sales), and is supported by

over 2,800 personnel worldwide. In 2010, Deceuninck Group achieved consolidated

sales of $706 million worldwide. Deceuninck® North America encompasses

fully-integrated design, compounding, tooling, extrusion and quality assurance

disciplines for the production of vinyl window and door systems and composite

applications for the building industry at its corporate headquarters in Monroe,

Ohio. For more information, please visit: www.deceuninck-americas.com.

Contact:                                                       Jeff Donaldson

                                                                 412-642-7700

                                              jeff.donaldson@elias-savion.com



SOURCE Deceuninck North America







CONTACT:Jeff Donaldson for Deceuninck North America, +1-412-642-7700,

jeff.donaldson@elias-savion.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





