aa,U.S. Newswire,20070227,8:49,332311
                              630 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                     February 27, 2007 Tuesday 8:49 AM EST



The Conference Board Names Jonathan Spector, Vice Dean of The Wharton School, as

its 10th President and Chief Executive Officer



SECTION: BUSINESS EDITORS



LENGTH: 798 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK,  Feb. 27





The announcement was made by the Trustees of The Conference Board, a group of

global business leaders who serve as the organization's governing body.



Mr. Spector, 50, becomes the 10th President and CEO of The Conference Board,

which was founded in 1916. He succeeds Richard E. Cavanagh, who is retiring

after leading The Conference Board during the past 11 years. Mr. Cavanagh

assumed leadership of The Conference Board in 1995 after serving as Executive

Dean of the John F. Kennedy School at Harvard University for eight years.



Spector 'Perfectly Prepared' for New Role



"Jon Spector has excellent credentials to lead The Conference Board forward,"

declares Douglas R. Conant, President and CEO of Campbell Soup Company and a

Trustee of The Conference Board. Conant chaired the executive search committee

that selected Spector from some 250 candidates. Added Conant: "Jon is bright,

worldly, experienced and skilled at working with people. His work experiences as

a CEO, a global consultant and as Vice Dean of The Wharton School have perfectly

prepared him for this new role."



Said Samuel A. DiPiazza Jr., chief executive officer of PricewaterhouseCoopers,

who also served on the search committee: "Jon Spector is a splendid choice to

lead The Conference Board's worldwide activities. He led diverse organizations

around the globe and is a widely recognized expert in management education."



Other members of The Conference Board's Board of Trustees who served on the

search committee include: Alain J.P. Belda, Chairman and CEO of Alcoa Inc.; Ian

E. L. Davis, Worldwide Managing Director of McKinsey & Company; Nandan M.

Nilekani, Chief Executive Officer, President and Managing Director of Infosys

Technologies Ltd.; Anne M. Tatlock, Chairman and CEO of Fiduciary Trust Company

International; and Ronald A. Williams, Chairman of the Board, CEO and President

of Aetna Inc.



Assisting the search committee were two other Trustees of The Conference Board:

Alan M. Dachs, President and CEO of Fremont Group l.l.c., and Jeffrey E. Garten,

former dean of the Yale School of Management and now a professor in

international trade, finance and business at Yale.



Notes Cavanagh, The Conference Board's outgoing President and CEO: "Jon has a

superb global leadership record in business education, strategic consulting and

high technology. He is an ideal choice to lead The Conference Board as it

continues its unique mission of strengthening both worldwide business and its

contributions to society."



Mr. Spector created new strategies that resulted in recent record growth, and an

expanded leadership role for the Wharton School's executive education division.

Prior to joining Wharton in 2004, he was CEO of several innovative

high-technology firms. These included Seurat Company, a high-tech marketing

services firm, now part of the Fair Isaac Corporation, one of the world's

leading technology firms.



A 20-Year Career at McKinsey & Company



Spector began his career at McKinsey & Company in 1980 and was elected a

principal in 1986 and a Director in 1992. In 1989, he moved to Hong Kong where

he helped develop and expand its business practice in China and Southeast Asia.

In 1991, he founded and managed McKinsey's office in Taiwan. Returning to the

United States in 1995, he was a leader in building the firm's electronic

practice throughout North America, leaving the firm in 2000.



He was Chairman of the Board of the March of Dimes in Massachusetts from 2003

through 2006 and is credited with leading a major revitalization of the

organization. He continues to be a director of the organization and is also a

member of the National Board of Advisors of the March of Dimes.



Mr. Spector is a graduate of Wesleyan University (1978), where he received a

joint degree in mathematics and economics. He earned his MBA at the Harvard

Business School (1980). He lives outside Boston with his wife and four children.



ABOUT THE CONFERENCE BOARD



The Conference Board, not-for-profit and non-partisan, is one of the world's

leading research and business membership organizations. Now in its 91st year,

The Conference Board produces the Consumer Confidence Index, the Leading

Economic Indicators for the U.S. and eight other nations, the Help- Wanted Job

Indexes, and other major economic barometers. It also issues a wide range of

reports on global productivity trends.



The Conference Board is also the source of authoritative studies on corporate

governance, business ethics, strategic workforce issues, diversity, corporate

citizenship, and executive compensation trends.



The Conference Board's worldwide conference and council programs deliver timely

business intelligence to more than 18,000 senior executives annually.



SOURCE The Conference Board







Contact: Randall Poe, +1-212-339-0234, or Frank Tortorici, +1-212-339-0231



LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





