aa,PR Newswire,20090519,9:51,332069
                              388 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        May 19, 2009 Tuesday 1:51 PM GMT



USCAP Statement on the American Clean Energy and Security Act



LENGTH: 429 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 19





WASHINGTON, May 19 /PRNewswire/ --TheU.S.Climate Action Partnership (USCAP) - a

diverse coalition of leading businesses and environmental NGOs - today issued

the following statement regarding the American Clean Energy and Security Act

being considered in the House Energy and Commerce Committee:



The U.S. Climate Action Partnership (USCAP) commends Chairmen Waxman and Markey,

and other Members of the Committee, for their strong leadership in preparing the

way for enactment of climate protection legislation.



USCAP believes the American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009 (ACESA)

broadly embraces the approach recommended in the USCAPBlueprint for Legislative

Actionthat we issued in January 2009.



While not every USCAP recommendation is contained in ACESA, USCAP urges the full

Committee to advance the bill so Congress can continue to build on the progress

made by the Committee thus far.



As USCAP has indicated, there are several key linked issues that must fit

together to ensure a climate protection program is environmentally effective,

economically sustainable and fair. In some instances, that does not occur in

this legislation. Additionally, the bill covers topics not addressed in

theBlueprintor in some cases is more detailed than the USCAP recommendations.

Individual USCAP members will continue to work with Congress to address these

matters in a satisfactory manner. However, USCAP urges the Committee to vote to

report the bill out this week so that legislation can move forward while these

improvements are being pursued.



Again, we want to thank Chairmen Waxman and Markey for their efforts. The

process they have engaged in has resulted in a bill that strives to balance

competing interests. It puts the nation on a path to achieve significant and

necessary greenhouse gas emission reductions, while protecting consumers and

advancing new technologies that will lead the transition to a lower carbon

economy.



More information about the Blueprint for Legislative Action and USCAP can be

found atwww.us-cap.org



USCAP Members:



-Alcoa - Boston Scientific - BP America - Caterpillar - Chrysler -

ConocoPhillips - John Deere - Dow - Duke Energy - DuPont - Environmental Defense

Fund - Exelon - Ford - FPL Group - GE - GM - Johnson & Johnson - Natural

Resources Defense Council - The Nature Conservancy - NRG Energy - PepsiCo - Pew

Center on Global Climate Change - PG&E - PNM Resources - Rio Tinto - Shell -

Siemens - World Resources Institute



SOURCE U.S. Climate Action Partnership







CONTACT:Tad Segal of Widmeyer Communications, +1-202-667-0901,

Tad.Segal@widmeyer.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





