aa,PR Newswire,20121015,18:00,331710
                              29 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      October 15, 2012 Monday 6:00 PM EST



Jeffrey R. Hennion Joins Branding Brand as President



LENGTH: 450 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH, Oct. 15, 2012





Branding Brand, a mobile commerce platform used by major retailers, including

American Eagle Outfitters, Costco, Ralph Lauren, and Sephora, today announced

that Jeffrey R. Hennion has joined the Company as President. Hennion previously

served as the executive vice president, chief marketing officer and e-commerce

at General Nutrition Centers, Inc. with responsibility for managing the

company's global marketing and e-commerce functions.



"Jeff's client-side perspective, combined with his seasoned management

experience, makes him uniquely qualified to help lead our business," said Chris

Mason, co-founder and CEO of Branding Brand. "We are committed to shaping the

future of commerce across multiple formats, including mobile and in-store, and

are excited to have him on our team."



Hennion joins Branding Brand at a time of rapid growth. The company, which

started 2010 with one mobile site, now has over 100 retail brands in its

portfolio. Last week, Branding Brand announced its first outside investment

--$7.5 million in Series A funding led by Insight Venture Partners.



Prior to GNC, Hennion spent 10 years at Dick's Sporting Goods in a variety of

positions, including executive vice president and chief marketing officer

responsible for marketing and e-commerce, senior vice president, strategic

planning, and vice president, finance, during the time the company completed its

IPO. Hennion also spent 11 years at Alcoa, Inc. in a variety of corporate

finance and treasury functions in the U.S. and Europe, including positions as

assistant treasurer and director, investor relations.



"I am thrilled to be joining the dynamic team at Branding Brand, as mobile

commerce in all its forms is being adopted at an incredible rate by consumers,"

said Hennion. "It is a unique time given the pace of innovation in mobile

commerce and cross-channel integration, and Branding Brand has rapidly emerged

as the clear platform leader in this space."



ABOUT BRANDING BRAND: Branding Brand powers mobile commerce sites and apps for

the world's leading retailers, including American Eagle Outfitters,

Anthropologie, The Children's Place, Costco, Crate & Barrel, Dick's Sporting

Goods, Drugstore.com, Eastern Mountain Sports, Kate Spade, Nautica, Ralph

Lauren, Sephora, Spanx, Steve Madden, Systemax, Timberland, Tumi, West Marine,

and Woodcraft.



Based in Pittsburgh, PA, it is the largest and fastest-growing mobile commerce

platform provider in the industry. It is also a Google Commerce Search Partner,

Google Wallet Partner, and PayPal Channel Partner. For more information, visit

http://www.brandingbrand.com .



SOURCE Branding Brand







CONTACT: Christina Koshzow, christina@brandingbrand.com, +1-412-519-0720, mobile



LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





