aa,PR Newswire,20110407,8:00,331919
                              238 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       April 7, 2011 Thursday 8:00 AM EST



Alcoa Unveils Partnership for Carbon Capture Technology Pilot Test Designed to

Turn Emissions Into Beneficial Commercial Products;

Collaboration with Codexis and CO2 Solution uses proprietary enzyme technologies

to reduce the environmental impact of industrial byproducts



LENGTH: 1257 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK, April 7, 2011





NEW YORK, April 7, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Alcoa (NYSE: AA) today announced a new

pilot program, in collaboration with Codexis, Inc. (Nasdaq: CDXS) and CO2

Solution Inc. (TSX-V: CST), focused on carbon capture technology designed to

sequester industrial carbon emissions, neutralizing the material to create a

commercially viable product.



The project is the latest innovation from the world's leading aluminum producer

and will be funded by Alcoa along with approximately $13.5 million in funding

from the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) received from an award with the

National Energy Technology Laboratory (NETL). This funding was made available by

the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA).



The pilot program, part of Alcoa's ongoing commitment to enhance its operational

sustainability, will use an innovative and proprietary in-duct scrubber

technology to capture emissions. The collaboration is intended to devise

solutions that treat and utilize a primary byproduct of the aluminum

manufacturing process known as alkaline clay, or bauxite residue, as well as

other alkaline industrial residuals. This pilot project will test a scrubbing

process that combines treated flue gas, enzymes and alkaline clay to create a

mineral-rich neutralized product that could be used for environmental

reclamation projects. The project is emblematic of how Alcoa is leveraging its

extensive R&D capabilities and utilizing game-changing technologies from

companies such as Codexis and CO2 Solution to advance sustainable solutions that

can have an impact beyond Alcoa's operations.



"Our mission at Alcoa is to create a more sustainable world through innovative

solutions and responsible operations," said Kevin Anton, Alcoa's Chief

Sustainability Officer. "Finding ways to turn industrial waste into beneficial

products will create a more sustainable society for generations to come. We are

committed to this project and partnership because it epitomizes our belief that

sustainable technologies are fundamental for the maintenance of vital resources

and, therefore, for our business."



Scientists and engineers from Alcoa Technical Center in Pittsburgh will lead the

three-year project, which has an investigation phase that runs through December.

Upon successful completion of this phase, the project will proceed to the pilot

testing phase. The DOE grant was received as part of an initiative to find ways

of converting captured carbon dioxide emissions from industrial sources into

useful products such as fuels, plastics, cement and fertilizers.



"We are very pleased to be expanding deployment of our carbon capture technology

with Alcoa," said Dr. Alan Shaw, Codexis president and CEO. "We recently

reported significant progress in our first program to reduce CO2 emissions from

coal-fired power plants. With this agreement, we are expanding to a second large

market where our technology can add real economic value, and where it may

convert industrial waste to new, valuable products."



Glenn Kelly, CO2 Solution president and CEO, commented on the new partnership,

saying, "We are delighted to be building on our relationship with Alcoa to

support this important technology development and further expand into U.S. and

global markets. This represents a significant new application of our technology,

and we are pleased to be working with Alcoa as a global leader towards its

realization."



Codexis and CO2 Solution have been collaborating since late 2009 on the

development of custom carbonic anhydrase (CA) enzymes and processes that could

significantly decrease the cost of carbon dioxide capture from industrial

sources. CA is an enzyme that catalyzes the transfer of carbon dioxide in

nature, and program results to date show that the technology can be used to

create and deploy CA biocatalysts with substantially improved stability and

performance under industrial conditions.



For more information, visit www.alcoa.com, www.codexis.com and

www.co2solution.com.



About Alcoa



Alcoa is the world's leading producer of primary aluminum, fabricated aluminum

and alumina. In addition to inventing the modern-day aluminum industry, Alcoa

innovation has been behind major milestones in the aerospace, automotive,

packaging, building and construction, commercial transportation, consumer

electronics and industrial markets over the past 120 years. Among the solutions

Alcoa markets are flat-rolled products, hard alloy extrusions, and forgings, as

well as Alcoa® wheels, fastening systems, precision and investment castings, and

building systems in addition to its expertise in other light metals such as

titanium and nickel-based super alloys. Sustainability is an integral part of

Alcoa's operating practices and the product design and engineering it provides

to customers. Alcoa has been a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for

eight consecutive years and approximately 75 percent of all of the aluminum ever

produced since 1888 is still in active use today. Alcoa employs approximately

59,000 people in 31 countries across the world. More information can be found at

www.alcoa.com.



About Codexis, Inc.



Codexis is a clean technology company. Codexis develops optimized biocatalysts

that make industrial processes faster, cleaner and more efficient. Codexis'

technology is commercialized with leading global pharmaceutical companies and in

development for advanced biofuels with Shell and in carbon capture. Other

potential markets include chemicals and water treatment. For more information,

see www.codexis.com.



Codexis Forward-Looking Statements



This press release contains forward-looking statements relating to Codexis'

research in carbon capture technology. You should not place undue reliance on

these forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks,

uncertainties and other factors that are, in some cases, beyond our control and

that could materially affect actual results. Factors that could materially

affect actual results can be found in Codexis' Annual Report on Form 10-K dated

February 10, 2011 including under the caption "Risk Factors." Codexis expressly

disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements,

except as required by law.



About CO2 Solution Inc.



CO2 Solution is an innovator in the field of enzyme-enabled carbon capture and

has been actively working to develop and commercialize the technology for power

plants and other large stationary sources of carbon pollution. In the process,

CO2 Solution has built an extensive patent portfolio covering the use of

carbonic anhydrase, or analogues thereof, for the efficient post-combustion

capture of carbon dioxide with low-energy aqueous solvents. Further information

about CO2 Solution can be found at www.co2solution.com



Forward-looking Statements



Certain statements in this news release may be forward-looking. These statements

relate to future events or CO2 Solution's future economic performance and

reflect the current assumptions and expectations of management. Certain unknown

factors may affect the events, economic performance and results of operation

described herein. CO2 Solution undertakes no obligation to update or revise any

forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future

events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable law.

MEDIA CONTACTS:

Alcoa                           CO2 Solution Inc.              Codexis, Inc.

Mike Belwood                         Thom Skinner            Lyn Christenson

+1.812.604.0530                   +1.418.842.3456            +1.650.421.8144

mike.belwood@alcoa.com   thom.skinner@co2solution lyn.christenson@codexis.co

                                             .com                          m



SOURCE Alcoa; Codexis, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





