aa,PR Newswire,20120404,17:09,331789
                              108 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      April 4, 2012 Wednesday 5:09 PM EST



Aluminum Association Announces Additions to the Board of Directors



LENGTH: 705 words



DATELINE: NAPA, Calif. and ARLINGTON, Va., April 4, 2012





Matt Aboud, Tony Farraj & Tom Walpole Will Join the Association's Board of

Directors



The Aluminum Association elected three new members to its Board of Directors.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120208/MM50117LOGO)



Matt Aboud, Vice-President and Managing Director of Hydro Aluminum's Metal

Markets in North America, Anthony Farraj, Commercial Vice-President of Global

Packaging for Alcoa Global Rolled Products and Tom Walpole, Senior

Vice-President of Novelis and President of Novelis North America will join the

Association's Board of Directors.



"Matt, Tony and Tom have diverse experience and expertise in critical areas of

the U.S., North American and global aluminum industry," said Tom Brackmann,

President of Nichols Aluminum and Chairman of the Aluminum Association's Board

of Directors. "They will be a vital part of leading the Association over the

next several years as the Association continues its long-term commitment to

researching and communicating the sustainability benefits of aluminum."



Matt Aboud currently serves as Vice-President and Managing Director of Hydro

Aluminum's Metal Markets in North America. He joined Hydro in 2003 after several

years in the financial services industry. With Hydro, he has served in several

roles including Strategy, Sales and Risk Management. He is currently the

Chairman of the Aluminum Association's Statistical and Market Research

Committee; he is also a former member of SECAT's Board of Directors and a CFA

charterholder. He holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and an

undergraduate degree in Economics from the University of Virginia.



Tony Farraj is Commercial Vice-President, Global Packaging of Alcoa Global

Rolled Products. Farraj joined Alcoa's Rigid Packaging Division in 1999 as

Vice-President for Human Resources. Other roles with Alcoa Rigid Packaging

include: Vice-President for Human Resources and Environment Health and Safety

(2001-2003), and Commercial Vice-President (2003-2007). Most recently, he was

Commercial Vice-President Alcoa Russia (2008-2012). Before joining Alcoa, he

spent thirteen years with Cargill Inc. He holds an M.B.A. from the University of

Tennessee, Knoxville and a bachelor's from the University of Iowa.



Tom Walpole has thirty years of experience in the aluminum industry and

currently serves as Senior Vice-President of Novelis and President of Novelis

North America. Previously, he was Senior Vice-President of Global Manufacturing

Excellence and President of Novelis Asia (2007- February 2012,) and

Vice-President and general manager of Novelis's Can Products business unit

(2005-2007). Prior to the spin-off of Novelis from Alcan Inc, he held numerous

international positions with Alcan including Vice-President of Sales and

Marketing for Rolled Products Operations in Korea and President of Lithographic,

Can and Painted Products Business in Europe. He holds as M.B.A. from Case

Western Reserve University and a bachelor's degree from the State University of

New York at Oswego.



"The Aluminum Association reaches out to member companies to provided guidance

and leadership on the Association's Board of Directors," said Heidi Brock,

President of the Aluminum Association. "I'm certain that Matt, Tony and Tom will

successfully represent the interests of the member companies they represent and

held provide greater strategic direction for the Association."



The Aluminum Association's Board of Directors, assisted by the Chairman's

Advisory Council is responsible for all policy decisions for the Association.

The Board represents the total industry by engaging the interests of the product

divisions and overseeing the management of core member services.



The Aluminum Association, based in Arlington, Virginia, works globally to

aggressively promote aluminum as the most sustainable and recyclable automotive,

packaging and construction material in today's market. The Association

represents U.S. and foreign-based primary producers of aluminum, aluminum

recyclers and producers of fabricated products, as well as industry suppliers.

Member companies operate more than 200 plants in the United States, with many

conducting business worldwide.



Contact:James Lewis 703.358.2966jlewis@aluminum.org



SOURCE The Aluminum Association



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





