aa,PR Newswire US,20050425,15:04,332450
                              769 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       April 25, 2005 Monday 07:04 PM GMT



FineGround to Present at Data Centres Europe 2005



LENGTH: 399 words



DATELINE: CAMPBELL, Calif. April 25





CAMPBELL, Calif., April 25  /PRNewswire/ -- FineGround Inc., the leader in

application and file delivery across the extended enterprise, today announced

that Rich Link, FineGround's European General Manager, will be a featured

speaker at Data Centres Europe 2005, the premiere data centre event in Europe.



   WHAT:     In a session entitled, "Strategies for Data Centres to Serve

              the Extended Enterprise," Link will discuss ways in which IT

              managers for global companies can overcome the challenges

              involved in providing consistent IT service levels across the

              extended enterprise to remote workers, branch offices and

              partners. Attendees will learn effective strategies for

              enterprise application delivery in the extended enterprise,

              ways to customize application delivery solutions, and

              best-practices to align IT services with business demands.



    WHEN:     Friday, April 29, 2005 at 12:15 p.m.



    WHERE:    Data Centres Europe

              Kingsway Hall Hotel

              Great Queen Street

              Covent Garden

              London, WC2B 5BX







For more information or to register for Data Centres Europe 2005 please visit

the conference Web site at  http://www.datacentreseurope.com/  .



About FineGround



FineGround is the leading provider of network appliances that accelerate and

optimize application and file delivery across the extended enterprise. Through a

unique combination of application-specific techniques for bandwidth reduction,

latency management, protocol transformation and server offloading, FineGround's

data center solutions optimize the performance of interactive applications and

file systems across wide area networks (WANs).  FineGround's Velocity appliances

for enterprise application delivery (EAD) and wide area file services (WAFS) are

used by more than 100 of the world's largest global enterprises, including

Alcoa, BMW, Cargill, Royal Mail, Sun Microsystems, Walgreens and Whirlpool.

FineGround is a privately held, venture-backed company headquartered in

Campbell, California with regional headquarters in London and Hong Kong, and on

the Web at  http://www.fineground.com/ .



CONTACT:  Cindy Engler of Kulesa PR, +1-650-340-1983, or

 cindy@kulesapr.com , for FineGround Networks, Inc.



Web site:   http://www.fineground.com/



SOURCE FineGround Networks, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





