aa,PR Newswire,20080212,16:00,332230
                              549 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     February 12, 2008 Tuesday 9:00 PM GMT



Euramax International, Inc. Announces Mitchell B. Lewis Elected President and

CEO



LENGTH: 549 words



DATELINE: ATLANTA Feb. 12





ATLANTA, Feb. 12 /PRNewswire/ -- Euramax International, Inc. announced today

that Mitchell B. Lewis has been elected President and Chief Executive Officer by

the Company's Board of Directors effective immediately. Lewis will also become a

member of the Board of Directors.



Lewis will succeed J. David Smith, who has worked for Euramax and its

predecessors for 35 years, and will remain a member of the Board of Directors.

The appointment is a continuation of the succession plan put in place by the

Board of Directors and provides the Company with experienced leadership and

management continuity.



"This appointment is consistent with my desire to transition from the role of

Chief Executive Officer after serving in this capacity since Euramax became an

independent organization in 1996," said Smith. "I am extremely proud of the

success of the organization and its continuation as the leader in the core

markets we serve. The Company is in excellent shape to weather the current

economic environment, and Mitch is well suited to lead the organization going

forward."



Lewis began his employment with Euramax, and its predecessor, Alumax Inc., in

1989 as corporate counsel. He entered into an operating role in 1991 as Vice

President of Amerimax Building Products, a subsidiary of Euramax. He has since

held roles with increasing responsibility within the organization, including

being President of the Company's Amerimax Building Products subsidiary from

1993-1998, Executive Vice President and Director of Business Development from

1998-2005, and Chief Operating Officer since October 2005. In his capacity as

Chief Operating Officer for the Company, Lewis had full P&L responsibility for

all Euramax operating companies, as well as responsibility for corporate

business development and acquisitions.



Commenting on the Lewis appointment, Board member Jack Daly said, "The Board

appreciates Dave Smith's substantial contributions to Euramax through the years

and we are pleased to appoint Mitch Lewis to this role. Mitch is a highly

qualified leader who has served as an integral member of the management team for

many years and is well positioned to take on his new role at Euramax. We are

confident that now is the right time for Mitch to lead the company."



"I am honored by the Board's decision and look forward to leading Euramax," said

Lewis. "I am proud of the strength of our organization and the outstanding

employees who have created the success Euramax has enjoyed through the years. I

look forward to helping our team continue to maximize our performance well into

the future."



Euramax International, Inc. is an international producer of value-added

aluminum, steel, vinyl and fiberglass fabricated products, with facilities

located in all major regions of the continental United States as well as in

Canada, the United Kingdom, The Netherlands and France. The Company's customers

include recreational vehicle manufacturers, commercial panel manufacturers,

transportation industry manufacturers, rural contractors, home centers, home

improvement contractors, distributors, industrial and architectural contractors,

and manufactured housing producers.



CONTACT: Scott Vansant of Euramax International, Inc., +1-770-239-9523



Web site: http://www.euramax.com/



SOURCE Euramax International, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





