
                              790 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                          December 29, 2004 Wednesday



Universal Forest Products Named One of Nation's 'Best Companies' by Forbes

Magazine



LENGTH: 370 words



DATELINE: GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. Dec. 29





GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Dec. 29  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Universal Forest

Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:UFPI) today announced that it has been named to Forbes

magazine's prestigious Platinum 400, an annual listing of "America's best big

companies," for the sixth time in seven years.



The list appears in the January 10, 2005 issue of Forbes, which currently is on

newsstands.



According to Forbes, companies are selected for the list by ranking highly in

measurements of corporate practices as well as long- and short-term sales and

earnings growth and stock performance.  Universal was one of 14 corporations

included in the materials industry and it ranked second among them in terms of

five-year annualized total returns, with a return of 25.8%. Other companies in

the category include Alcoa, Sonoco Products, Ball, and Worthington Industries.



"We're honored that our performance and strategies continue to get noticed by

respected publications such as Forbes," said Universal CEO and Vice Chairman

William G. Currie.  "We're pleased that the people of Universal, who deliver

success year after year, get the recognition we believe they deserve. Our

achievements are the results of their hard work."



Celebrating its 50th year in 2005, Universal Forest Products markets,

manufactures, and engineers wood and wood-alternative products for D-I-Y retail

home centers, structural lumber products for the manufactured housing industry,

engineered wood components for the site-built construction market and specialty

wood packaging for various industries.  The Company also provides framing and

installation services in some markets.



Headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan, Universal has 9,000 employees and 96

facilities in 84 locations in the United States, Mexico, and Canada.  The

Company posted $1.92 billion in net sales through the third quarter of 2004. For

information about Universal Forest Products, please visit the Company's web site

at  http://www.ufpi.com/  , or call 888-Buy-UFPI.



CONTACT:  Lynn Afendoulis, Director, Public Affairs of Universal Forest

Products, Inc., +1-616-364-6161



Web site:   http://www.ufpi.com/



Company News On-Call:   http://www.prnewswire.com/comp/916064.html



SOURCE Universal Forest Products, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





