aa,PR Newswire US,20070327,11:35,332297
                              616 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       March 27, 2007 Tuesday 3:35 PM GMT



Definition 6 Continues To Strengthen Market Position With Prestigious New Client

Wins;

Mix of Technology and Creative Skills Deliver Significant Return On Investment

(ROI) for Gables Residential, Alcoa, and Vesdia Corporation



LENGTH: 953 words



DATELINE: ATLANTA March 27





ATLANTA, March 27  /PRNewswire/ -- Definition 6 ( http://www.definition6.com/ ),

helping clients transform business processes and customer experience with

eBusiness and Information Technology (IT) solutions that improve the bottom

line, announces three significant new client wins for the company.  Definition 6

consultants combine industry knowledge, user experience and design finesse to

build and improve Web sites that position these clients as leaders in their

field. These newly redesigned, visually compelling websites are content rich and

inspire loyalty among visitors.



"The Definition 6 team is committed to excellence in building Web sites and

solutions that support clients' business goals and enhance site visitors'

experiences," said Michael Kogon, CEO and founder of Definition 6.  "We look

forward to long, successful relationships with these three prestigious clients."



Gables Residential is a premier apartment development and management company

headquartered in Atlanta with apartment communities in major markets across the

U.S.  Definition 6 was selected to redesign the company Website by adding

sophisticated functionalities to improve interaction with site visitors and

prospective residents, enhancing their online presence, improving available

apartment search with specific resident and neighborhood criteria, presenting

virtual tours of properties, and finding opportunities for careers within the

company.  New capabilities such as starting the leasing and pre- qualification

process online will streamline business processes and maximize sales

opportunities.



Alcoa Building & Construction Systems/Kawneer, a leading supplier of

architectural systems, services and building products to the global construction

market, contracted with Definition 6 to redesign their Global Website to better

showcase their products and services and cement their position as a leader in

the aluminum building products business, highlight their commitment to improving

the environment, and provide up-to-the minute news for investors and management.

Definition 6 built a usable Web interface with intuitive navigational structure

for the content rich website. Constantly updated product pages encourage

visitors to return regularly. These pages feature customer success stories,

news, Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) downloads where available, product

catalogs with technical specification sheets, and links to other Alcoa sites

such as AlcoaDirect for online ordering.



Definition 6 is using Microsoft.Net 2.0, Umbraco (A .NET based Open Source

Content Management System), the PriceRunner API, Gentle.net ORM and Oracle's

Ultrasearch to effectively and efficiently redesign Vesdia Corporation's online

shopping mall with member administration functionality.  Vesdia is a leader in

the field of merchant funded loyalty programs. Its network of top- name

retailers and patent-protected technology allows Vesdia-enabled program members

to earn rewards against their everyday spending.  Definition 6 is not only

responsible for implementing the new online shopping mall and ensuring its

integration with Vesdia's J2E patent-protected account reconciliation engine,

Definition 6 has leveraged its full design capabilities to construct a highly

intuitive user interface with sales conversion driving information architecture.



About Definition 6, LLC



Definition 6 provides consulting, design and implementation services as an

eBusiness and IT infrastructure consulting company that uses communication,

collaboration and commerce solutions in a managed environment to increase client

revenues and reduce operating costs. These solutions enhance every aspect of a

client's business, from infrastructure that keeps operations running efficiently

and securely, to front-end marketing and business solutions that interface with

employees, customers, and partners.  Clients win new revenues, dramatically

reduce customer acquisition cost, empower organizational agility, attain key

performance metrics, and capture customer loyalty.



Definition 6 projects garner top recognition and awards for graphic design,

e-marketing innovation, and effective IT implementation.  One result is

continuing recognition from Microsoft, including five Gold Certified Partner

competencies, charter membership in the Managed Services alliance that deploys

leading edge technology with predictable IT costs, and certification as Google

Enterprise professionals who provide enhanced search engine marketing

optimization and Web analytics skills.



The firm stays ahead of client needs with innovative offerings and complementary

staff that hold more than fifty professional certifications and university

degrees in software, usability, business management, networking technologies,

and project management.  These experts in technology, business analysis,

information architecture, and visual design apply a combination of skills to

power best business processes through intuitive and engaging user experiences

for more complete and valuable solutions. Client projects succeed as a result of

design, development, support, management, and implementation services that

adhere to rigorous methodology performed by practice groups with industry

expertise.



Since the firm's 1997 founding in Atlanta, Definition 6 has earned a trusted

advisory role with a growing national clientele, helping clients manage their

portfolio of technology investments to drive an exceptional business return.

Please find more information on the Web at  http://www.definition6.com/  or by

phone at (404) 870-0323.



CONTACT:  Becky Boyd of MediaFirst PR - Atlanta, +1-404-421-8497,

 becky@mediafirst.net , for Definition 6



Web site:   http://www.definition6.com/



SOURCE Definition 6



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





