aa,PR Newswire,20111110,15:05,331840
                              159 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     November 10, 2011 Thursday 3:05 PM EST



USRBC Welcomes Working Party Approval of Russia's WTO Accession Package



LENGTH: 471 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 10, 2011





The U.S.-Russia Business Council is pleased to announce that today in Geneva the

Working Party on Russia's accession to the World Trade Organization (WTO)

reached a final agreement on the terms of Russia's WTO accession and approved

its accession package. As a result of this approval, during an upcoming WTO

Ministerial Conference on December 15-17, Russia will be formally invited to

become a member of the WTO and can then begin the process of ratifying the

accession agreement.



The USRBC congratulates the U.S. and Russian negotiators, as well as all parties

to the intensive and complicated negotiating process that produced the

agreement, which is the culmination of an 18-year effort to usher Russia into

the world's largest rules-based trading organization.



Once this landmark agreement is implemented and Russia has formally joined the

WTO, the terms of Russia's accession package will provide U.S. companies with

access to a major emerging market, where U.S. goods and services enjoy a

reputation for high quality. It will also make the Russian economy more

predictable for investors.



"We are elated that Russia's accession is in its final stage and look forward to

reviewing the details of this historic agreement," said USRBC President Edward

Verona. "Russia is an important market for many U.S. companies and WTO accession

will help enhance the U.S.-Russia commercial relationship," added Klaus

Kleinfeld, USRBC Chairman and Chairman and CEO of Alcoa, Inc.



To ensure that U.S. firms enjoy the full benefits of Russia's accession, it will

be necessary for the U.S. Congress to lift the Jackson-Vanik amendment with

respect to Russia and authorize the President to extend Permanent Normal Trade

Relations (PNTR) to Russia.



"The USRBC, which leads the Coalition for U.S.-Russia Trade, looks forward to

working with the Administration, members of Congress, the broader business

community and other stakeholders to ensure that this is accomplished at the

earliest opportunity. We need to keep opportunities for U.S. interests on par

with those that our European and Asian competitors will enjoy," noted Verona.



The U.S.-Russia Business Council (USRBC) represents the interests of its 250

U.S. and Russian member companies, providing business development and government

relations support in both Moscow and Washington. The USRBC contributes to the

stability and development of a free market in Russia and supports Russia's

integration into the global economy. It also serves as the Secretariat for the

Coalition for U.S.-Russia Trade (www.usrussiatrade.org). For more information,

visit the USRBC online at: www.usrbc.org



Russian version of press release



SOURCE U.S.-Russia Business Council







CONTACT:Svetlana Minjack, Director of Communications and External Affairs of

U.S.-Russia Business Council, +1-202-739-9182, sminjack@usrbc.org



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





