aa,PR Newswire US,20060815,9:25,332358
                              677 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      August 15, 2006 Tuesday 1:25 PM GMT



MTD Products Names Marcus Thomas Agency of Record



LENGTH: 468 words



DATELINE: CLEVELAND Aug. 15





CLEVELAND, Aug. 15  /PRNewswire/ -- Marcus Thomas LLC, one of the region's

leading integrated marketing communications firms, announces it has been named

the agency of record for the Yard-Man, Troy-Bilt, Yard Machines and White

Outdoor brands of MTD Products, Inc., manufacturer of outdoor power equipment

for both residential and commercial markets.



The addition of MTD will place it among the agency's three largest clients. The

agency expects to hire four to six additional staff members as a result of the

win, which will generate billings of several million dollars.



According to MTD, the agency will be charged with building customer awareness

and preference for the four MTD brands among North America's gardeners and lawn

enthusiasts.



"This win is due in large part to our team's deep understanding of MTD's

products and courageous approach to defining and solving some inimitable brand

challenges," said Jim Nash, managing partner at Marcus Thomas. "I'm proud of the

work we presented and look forward to putting the same vigor into helping MTD

build its business."



"Marcus Thomas' enthusiasm, passion and strategic insight made it the obvious

choice," said Jean Hlay, executive vice president of marketing and sales for MTD

Products, Inc. "We're especially pleased to have found a firm of Marcus Thomas'

caliber right here in Ohio."



Marcus Thomas was one of four finalists and one of only two local agencies

considered. Other finalists included Campbell-Ewald, Detroit; Blattner Brunner,

Pittsburgh; and Wyse Advertising, Cleveland. Detroit-based Doner Advertising was

the incumbent.



About MTD Products, Inc.



MTD Products, Inc. of Cleveland, Ohio, is a leading global manufacturer of

outdoor power equipment, including leading brands such as Cub Cadet, Yard-Man,

Troy-Bilt, White Outdoor, Yard Machines and Bolens.



MTD products can be found at home improvement stores, mass retailers, hardware

stores, independent dealers and farm supply stores.



About Marcus Thomas LLC



Marcus Thomas LLC is a $70 million, integrated marketing communications agency

with a focus on audience insight and idea generation. With offices in Cleveland

and Youngstown, Ohio, Marcus Thomas employs 80 people.



Clients include Akron Children's Hospital, Alcoa Wheel Products, Bendix

Commercial Vehicle Systems, Caterpillar, The Cleveland Foundation, Convention &

Visitors Bureau of Greater Cleveland, The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company (Kelly

brand), the Fund For Our Economic Future, Johnsonite, Libbey, Nestle, the Ohio

Lottery, the Ohio Steel Council, Sky Financial Group and Swagelok Company, among

others. For more information, visit  http://www.marcusthomasllc.com/ .



CONTACT:  Ilia Estremera of Marcus Thomas LLC, +1-216-514-4570, or

 iestremera@marcusthomasllc.com



Web site:   http://www.marcusthomasllc.com/



SOURCE Marcus Thomas LLC



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





