aa,PR Newswire US,20060918,14:31,332356
                              675 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                     September 18, 2006 Monday 6:31 PM GMT



Tube City IMS Corporation Announces Managerial Promotions, Appointments



LENGTH: 400 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH Sept. 18





PITTSBURGH, Sept. 18  /PRNewswire/ -- Tube City IMS Corporation, a provider of

products and services to steel mills and foundries throughout the United States,

Canada and Europe, today announced a number of managerial promotions and recent

appointments.



Hideyuki Nishizawa has been promoted to Senior Vice President -- International

Trade, Tube City Division. Mr. Nishizawa will be responsible for overseeing the

Company's Mineral Resource division focusing on raw materials such as ore and

derivatives, scrap substitutes, coal and coke products, and energy products. Mr.

Nishizawa will be based in the Company's Chicago, IL, office.



Scott Clark has been promoted to District Manager - Ohio Region, Tube City

Division. Mr. Clark will focus on procurement and sales in the Ohio Valley. He

will be based in the Company's Hudson, OH, office.



Michael T. Eller has joined the Company as Director of Financial Analysis. Prior

to joining the Company, he worked at Alcoa Inc., and most recently as the Senior

Manager of Finance, Purchasing & Warehouse/Controller for Sony Chemicals

Corporation of America in Mt. Pleasant, PA. He has a bachelor's degree in

Accounting/Management from the University of Pittsburgh and a master's degree in

Business Administration from the University of Phoenix. A resident of New

Stanton, PA, he will be based at the Company's Glassport, PA, office.



Mark A. Wagner has joined the Company's IMS Division as a Project Engineer. Mr.

Wagner, who has a bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering from the

University of Michigan, will be based at the company's Horsham, PA, office.

Prior to joining the Company, he worked for a number of organizations, most

recently as Construction Manager/Senior Project Engineer for Javan & Walter,

Inc., an industrial/pharmaceutical engineering/design/construction management

firm.



Tube City IMS Corporation, through its Tube City and IMS Divisions, is a leading

provider of outsource steel services, including raw materials purchasing and

sales world wide, scrap management, scrap optimization, and slag processing and

metal recovery services to integrated steel mills, mini- mills and foundries.

Headquartered in Glassport, PA, Tube City IMS has operations at 66 plants

throughout the U.S., Canada and Europe.



CONTACT:  Jim Leonard of Tube City IMS Corporation, +1-412-267-5226



Web site:   http://www.tubecityims.com/



SOURCE Tube City IMS Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





