aa,PR Newswire,20090413,20:00,332085
                              404 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       April 13, 2009 Monday 12:00 PM GMT



SAE International and Alcoa Join to Offer AWIM in Cleveland Metropolitan School

District



LENGTH: 435 words



DATELINE: WARRENDALE, Pa., April 13





WARRENDALE, Pa., April 13 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Fifth grade students in the

Cleveland Metropolitan School District will learn the fundamentals of mobility

engineering this May when they participate in SAE International's A World In

Motion(R) (AWIM) program.



AWIM brings math and science principles to life through highly interactive

learning experiences that incorporate the laws of physics, motion, flight and

electronics. "Challenges" include building a skimmer propelled by air that

glides across a surface; building a jet toy with a chassis that is powered by a

balloon; and building a steel can rover. All challenges are designed to bring

authentic engineering design experiences to the classroom.



The program will run May 4-22 in 85 schools. The students will be participating

in the JetToy Challenge, in which they design balloon-powered toy cars that meet

specific performance criteria related to distance, speed and weight capacity.

Jet propulsion, friction, air resistance and design are the core scientific

concepts students explore in this challenge.



"We are happy to partner with Alcoa and the Cleveland Metropolitan School

District for this important program," Matthew Miller, Manager, K-12 Education

Programs for SAE International, said. "Programs such as these provide an

important service by helping to educate students at an early age in the

essential learning skills of science and math."



This program is being funded by a $100,000 grant through the Alcoa Foundation.

Alcoa engineers and other technical professionals will work one- on-one with

student teams over a three-week period. Exposing students to professions that

use math and science skills, such as engineering, is an important element of

this program.



SAE International won the National Science Foundation's prestigious 2008 Public

Service Award for its work to increase the public's understanding of science and

engineering. SAE International was recognized for its AWIM curriculum and for

its Collegiate Design Series program.



SAE International is a global association of more than 121,000 engineers and

related technical experts in the automotive, aerospace and commercial- vehicle

industries. SAE International's core competencies are life-long learning and

standards development. SAE International's charitable arm is the SAE Foundation,

which supports many programs, including A World In Motion(R) and the Collegiate

Design Series.



www.sae.org



Contact: Nancy Lewis or Shawn Andreassi, pr@sae.org or 1-248-273-4092.



SOURCE SAE International







CONTACT:Nancy Lewis or Shawn Andreassi of SAE International, +1-248- 273-4092,

pr@sae.org



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





