aa,PR Newswire,20121016,9:30,331709
                              28 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      October 16, 2012 Tuesday 9:30 AM EST



Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day Highlights: Pinnacle West Capital, AmBev,

Volkswagen, General Motors and Ford Motor



LENGTH: 1121 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, Oct. 16, 2012





  Zacks Equity Research highlights Pinnacle West Capital Corporation (NYSE: PNW

) as the Bull of the Day and AmBev's (NYSE: ABV ) as the Bear of the Day. In

addition, Zacks Equity Research provides analysis on Volkswagen AG (OTC: VLKAY

), General Motors Company (NYSE: GM ) and Ford Motor Co. (NYSE: F ).



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO )



Full analysis of all these stocks is available at http://at.zacks.com/?id=2678 .



Here is a synopsis of all five stocks:



Bull of the Day :



We have upgraded our recommendation on Pinnacle West Capital Corporation (NYSE:

PNW ) to Outperform from Neutral owing to the company's strong financial

position, improvement in credit rating along with steady inorganic growth

strategy. We remain confident about Arizona's fundamentals, which are allowing

Pinnacle West to achieve higher levels as the economic environment improves.



The company expects annual customer growth of approximately 2% for 2012 through

2015 will benefit its results. In addition, favorable renewable energy prospects

and the recent rate case approval will ensure increased returns.



Over the last five years, the company's shares have traded in the P/E multiple

range of 11.4x to 17.9x on trailing 12-month earnings. Our target price of

$63.00 is based on the P/E multiple of 18.4 on 2012 EPS.



Bear of the Day :



Anticipating negative impact on AmBev's (NYSE: ABV ) future financial

performance due to Brazilian government's decision to raise taxes on beer, we

are maintaining our long-term Underperform recommendation on AmBev. To shield

against the higher taxes, AmBev might inflate its prices in an effort to

somewhat offset the negative impact, which may result in lower volumes.



Consequently, the net income may be pulled down. Moreover, the company reported

a lower-than-expected second-quarter 2012 earnings of $0.29 per share, missing

the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $0.35. Intense competition from global and

regional players, coupled with seasonal nature of business, may undermine the

company's future operating performance as well.



Our long-term Underperform recommendation on the stock indicates that it would

perform below the broader market. Our target price of $36.00, 21.6x 2012 EPADR,

reflects this view.



Latest Posts on the Zacks Analyst Blog :



Earnings Preview: Alcoa



Volkswagen Cuts Production Goal



In the wake of the economic uncertainties in Europe, Volkswagen AG (OTC: VLKAY )

recently announced that it will halt the production of Passat cars for a week in

Germany, according to Reuters. The move is a part of the company's initiative to

reduce its group output by 300,000 vehicles this year.



According to sources, the company has reduced the global production target for

the group to 9.4 million vehicles from the previous estimate of 9.7 million.

However, the target is well above the previous year's output of 8.5 million

vehicles. In addition, owing to the declining orders from the customers, the

company also plans to close its production facility in Emden in northwestern

Germany for a couple of days.



One of the company's major competitors, General Motors Company (NYSE: GM ), also

remains challenged by the ongoing financial crisis in the euro zone. Its

European operation Opel expects to incur an operating loss of (EURO)1 billion

($1.3 billion) in 2012 due to fewer-than-anticipated car sales.



Ford Motor Co.



(NYSE:



F



), which also competes with Volkswagen, expects to lose between $500 million and

$600 million in 2012 in the 19 European markets covered by the automaker, owing

to the ongoing debt crisis in the region. Ford recorded a loss of $27 million in

2011.



Volkswagen, in the second quarter of 2012, registered a 20% increase in earnings

per share to (EURO)12.05 ($15.2) from (EURO)10.04 per share in the corresponding

quarter of 2011. Total revenues went up 19% year over year to (EURO)48.1 billion

($60.4 billion).



Headquartered in Wolfsburg, Germany, Volkswagen is the manufacturer and

distributor of automobiles globally. The company operates in Europe, North

America, South America, and the Asia-Pacific.



Currently, Volkswagen retains a Zacks #3 Rank, which translates into a

short-term Hold rating.



Get the full analysis of all these stocks by going to

http://at.zacks.com/?id=2649 .



About the Bull and Bear of the Day



Every day, the analysts at Zacks Equity Research select two stocks that are

likely to outperform (Bull) or underperform (Bear) the markets over the next 3-6

months.



About the Analyst Blog



Updated throughout every trading day, the Analyst Blog provides analysis from

Zacks Equity Research about the latest news and events impacting stocks and the

financial markets.



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous analyst coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded

stocks. Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest

analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today by

visiting http://at.zacks.com/?id=7158 .



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research , Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leonard Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in

stock market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his

many accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system;

the Zacks Rank , which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1

margin. The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market

insights of Zacks Investment



Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit from the Pros. In

short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to be worth your

time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros at

http://at.zacks.com/?id=4582 .



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Follow us on Twitter:  http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?re

f=ts



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Media Contact



Zacks Investment Research



800-767-3771 ext. 9339



support@zacks.com



http://www.zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





