aa,PR Newswire,20111012,9:30,331851
                              170 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     October 12, 2011 Wednesday 9:30 AM EST



The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Alcoa, Chevron, Pepsi, Google and J.P. Morgan



LENGTH: 827 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, Oct. 12, 2011





Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day

the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting

stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include:

Alcoa (NYSE: AA), Chevron , Pepsi (NYSE: PEP), Google and J.P. Morgan (NYSE:

JPM).



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



Get the most recent insight from Zacks Equity Research with the free Profit from

the Pros newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5513



Here are highlights from Tuesday's Analyst Blog:



Waiting for Earnings Season



The five-day old market rally appears to be stalling today on Europe-related

news, this time concerning the legislative approval for expansion of the lending

capacity of the European Financial Stability Facility (EFSF). In the latest of

the national Euro-zone legislative approvals, parliament of the Slovak Republic

is scheduled to vote on the EFSF, and the outcome of the vote is reportedly far

from certain.



But the suspense surrounding the Slovak vote is perhaps just an excuse for the

market to take a breather. After all, the market has gained almost 9% in the

last 5 trading sessions and no one would begrudge the market a pause after such

a sprint. This is particularly so given the paucity of hard economic news today.



Except for the release of the minutes of the last Fed meeting later today, there

isn't anything notable on the economic calendar. There is some interest in the

Fed minutes, particularly the discussion surrounding the launch of Operation

Twist, which may provide clues by the Fed's future course of action.



The biggest event of the day is the start of the third quarter reporting cycle

with the release of Alcoa's (NYSE: AA) results after the market close. Chevron

will also be providing a quarterly update after the close today. Later this

week, we get results from Pepsi (NYSE: PEP), Google and J.P. Morgan (NYSE: JPM).

Estimates for Alcoa's quarterly earnings have been steadily coming down in

recent weeks and currently remain roughly 26% below the level of just two months

ago. Alcoa has produced a negative surprise in each of the last three quarters,

but it may be able to reverse that trend today given the low expectations.



Alcoa's results may not tell us much about the health of overall corporate

profitability, but a lot is riding on the quality of this earnings season. Of

particular significance is the lack of conviction around current earnings

expectations for the next four to six quarters. This is affecting investors'

ability to arrive at a fair value for the market. The hope is that comments from

management teams in this reporting cycle will lift the uncertainty surrounding

earnings expectations, which would be a major positive for the market.



Want more from Zacks Equity Research? Subscribe to the free Profit from the Pros

newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5515.



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded stocks.

Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest

analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today:

http://at.zacks.com/?id=5517



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leon Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in stock

market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his many

accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system; the

Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1 margin.

The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market insights

of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit

from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to

be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros

at http://at.zacks.com/?id=5518.



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?re

f=ts



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Media Contact

Zacks Investment Research

800-767-3771 ext. 9339

support@zacks.com

http://www.zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





