aa,PR Newswire,20080513,11:00,332192
                              511 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        May 13, 2008 Tuesday 3:00 PM GMT



Novelis Wins Top Supplier Awards From Alcoa Architectural Products



LENGTH: 364 words



DATELINE: CLEVELAND May 13





CLEVELAND, May 13 /PRNewswire/ -- Novelis announced today that it has been named

2007 Supplier of the Year for Bare Metal Products by Alcoa Architectural

Products (AAP), a business unit of Alcoa Inc. The award was one of three granted

to Novelis at AAP's annual event to distinguish best suppliers. Novelis also won

in the categories of Most Innovative Supplier and Best Quality.



(Logo:  http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20070809/NOVELISLOGO )



Novelis supplies AAP with aluminum sheet products used in the manufacture of

composite building panel solutions and metal claddings which are ultimately

installed in a variety of highly engineered building and architectural

applications.



"Winning these prestigious awards is a significant achievement for Novelis given

that 2007 was our first full year supplying Alcoa Architectural Products," said

George Pursey, market director for Distributor and OEM Products for Novelis in

North America. "Alcoa is a quality-conscious customer with high standards. This

recognition speaks well of the attention to quality in our plants, the

innovative work we are achieving in specialty finishes, and our ability to

deliver superior customer service."



Novelis supplies the aluminum sheet from its Specialty Products plant network in

Kingston, Ontario, and Oswego, New York.



About Novelis



Novelis Inc. is the global leader in aluminum rolled products and aluminum can

recycling. The company operates in 11 countries, employs approximately 12,900

people and reports annual revenues of more than $11 billion. Novelis supplies

premium aluminum sheet and foil products to automotive, transportation,

packaging, construction, industrial and printing markets throughout North

America, South America, Europe and Asia. Novelis is a subsidiary of Hindalco

Industries Limited, Asia's largest integrated producer of aluminum and a leading

copper producer. Hindalco is the flagship company of the Aditya Birla Group, a

multinational conglomerate based in Mumbai, India. For more information on

Novelis, visit http://www.novelis.com/



CONTACT: Media, Pat Persico, Novelis Inc., +1-440-423-6522,

 pat.persico@novelis.com



Web site: http://www.novelis.com/



SOURCE Novelis Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





