aa,PR Newswire,20100624,17:02,331981
                              300 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       June 24, 2010 Thursday 5:02 PM EST



Meeting of Presidents with CEOs a Big Step Forward in U.S.-Russia Business

Relations



LENGTH: 366 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 24





Presidents Medvedev and Obama Meet with Group of Prominent U.S. and Russian CEOs

to Spur Economic Growth Between the Two Countries



WASHINGTON, June 24 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- A meeting today of prominent CEOs

from the United States and Russia with Presidents Medvedev and Obama marked a

major step forward in U.S.-Russia business relations. The meeting was held today

as part of the economic summit between the U.S. and Russia.



Alcoa Chairman and CEO Klaus Kleinfeld, who also serves as Chairman of the

U.S.-Russia Business Council (USRBC), said:



"This meeting was a unique moment in bilateral relations and I thank Presidents

Medvedev and Obama, as well as my fellow CEOs, for their time and commitment to

improving business relations between the U.S. and Russia. Strong economic ties

breed strong political relationships and expanded trade and investment will be

the foundation upon which security cooperation can be sustained.".



"In our meetings today we built on the work we began this past year between my

U.S. and Russian colleagues on three priority areas: promoting growth through

innovation; enhancing management culture; and creating a more friendly

investment climate for everyone," said Kleinfeld. "In less than a year, we have

seen progress made on all fronts."



"As a follow up to today's meeting, the USRBC and I will work to keep this CEO

dialogue going in conjunction with existing U.S. - Russia business dialogues,

and in parallel to the Bilateral Presidential Commission process," added

Kleinfeld.



The U.S.-Russia Business Council (USRBC) represents the interests of its 250

U.S. and Russian member companies, providing business development and government

relations support in both Moscow and Washington. The USRBC contributes to the

stability and development of a free market in Russia and supports Russia's

integration into the global economy. It also serves as the Secretariat for the

Coalition for U.S.-Russia Trade (www.usrussiatrade.org). For more information,

visit the USRBC online at: www.usrbc.org.



SOURCE U.S.-Russia Business Council







CONTACT:Svetlana Minjack of USRBC, +1-202-739-9182, sminjack@usrbc.org; or Kevin

G. Lowery of Alcoa, +1-412-553-1424, Mobile +1-724-422-7844



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





