aa,PR Newswire US,20070608,7:50,332268
                              587 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                        June 8, 2007 Friday 11:50 AM GMT



HR Performance Metrics: Achieving Better Efficiencies with New End-to-end HR

Benchmarks



LENGTH: 627 words



DATELINE: CHAPEL HILL, N.C. June 8





CHAPEL HILL, N.C., June 8  /PRNewswire/ -- Companies spend the majority of their

total HR cost -- up to 82% -- on internal labor which has many HR groups

thinking about more cost effective ways to manage key HR functions and gain

higher productivity; some have championed a shared services model to meet cost

and productivity pressures, while others have turned to outsourcing or off-

shoring and new technologies.



Finding one common set of performance metrics across core HR functions is

difficult. For this reason, Best Practices, LLC has developed a comprehensive

series of metrics for key HR functions: Staffing, Benefits, Relocation, LOA,

FMLA, Workers' Compensation and Medical Services.



The "HR Resourcing Excellence Series" focuses on the core metrics needed to

manage the function and are that can drive real business change. These metrics

involve a close evaluation of service offerings, organizational structures,

staffing levels, functional costs, activities outsourced or shared, cycle times,

and effectiveness measures (e.g., end-user satisfaction). The focus of this

study is benchmarks that are both broad and deep at a small fraction of the

price and effort of similar studies on the market.



To download a 55-page summary of this report containing many more sample metrics

click  http://www3.best-in-class.com/rr811.htm .



Data was collected from surveys and interviews with HR professionals at: Abbott

Labs, ALCOA, American Express, AT&T, Bank of America, Boeing, Bristol- Myers

Squibb, Caterpillar, Cisco Systems, Convergys, DaimlerChrysler, Dell, Dow

Chemical, DuPont, Fujifilm, General Electric, General Motors, Intel, Kraft

Foods, Microsoft, Motorola, Pfizer, Texas Instruments, Toyota and more.



  The report examines the "core" HR  processes including:

   -- Organizational Staffing -- includes metrics by type of hire and by

      process such as applicant tracking, recruiting, sourcing, requisition

      management, selection, and much more!

   -- Benefits Administration -- includes savings (401k), stock options,

      pension and H&W administration

   -- Domestic Mobility -- including metrics by type, duration, as well as by

      process including policy and relocation/assignment management services

   -- International Mobility -- including metrics by type, duration, and by

      process including policy management, relocation accounting,

      planning/consulting services, home and host location services, tax

      management, payroll and accounting services

   -- Leave of Absence Administration/FMLA - includes metrics by type and

      length of leave

   -- Workers Compensation -- includes metrics for self-insured, high

      deductible programs, fully-insured and retro programs as well as TPA,

      self-administered, hybrid and carrier organizations

   -- On-site medical administration -- includes metrics for onsite clinical

      services, occupational health, employee wellness programs, drug

      testing, employee assistance programs, medical screening, onsite AEDs,

      and QA for clinical services







Download the report excerpt online at  http://www3.best-in-/

class.com/rr811.htm to view sample best practices and performance metrics.



To drill down on the countless metrics presented in this report contact our

Solution Specialists at (919) 403-0251 or  bestpractices@best-in-class.com .



ABOUT BEST PRACTICES, LLC



Best Practices, LLC, conducts work based on the simple yet profound principle

that organizations can chart a course to superior economic performance by

studying the best business practices, operating tactics and winning strategies

of world-class companies.



CONTACT:  Kimberly Hardin of Best Practices, LLC, +1-919-767-9221, or

 khardin@best-in-class.com



Web site:   http://www.best-in-class.com/



SOURCE Best Practices, LLC



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





