
                              796 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                            October 25, 2004 Monday



The Conference Board's 2004 Succession Management Conference to Be Held October

26-27 in New York;

Experts to Discuss Imperatives for Building Leadership Pipelines



LENGTH: 699 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK Oct. 25





NEW YORK, Oct. 25  /PRNewswire/ -- Top executives from major global companies

will discuss implementing strategies to ensure healthy leadership continuity at

The Conference Board's 2004 Succession Management Conference. This meeting will

be held October 26-27 at the Waldorf-Astoria in New York.



The conference is presented with assistance from Lominger and Korn/Ferry

International.



  Sessions include:



   -- Good Governance: The Role of the Board in Succession Management. This

      opening session will feature Nell Minow, Editor and Co-founder, The

      Corporate Library and Co- Author of Corporate Governance, and Kenneth

      W. Freeman, Chairman of the Board, Quest Diagnostics Incorporated.



   -- Best Practices in Succession Management: How Flexibility, Risk

      Containment and Accountability are Changing Succession Management. This

      issue will be discussed by Brian Fishel, Senior Vice President,

      Executive Development, Bank of America; Donna Morris, Senior Director,

      Global Talent, Adobe Systems Incorporated; and Elizabeth Wood, Director

      of Executive and Organizational Capability, IBM Corporation.

      Moderator: William D. Kline, Principal, The Learning Point.



   -- Succession Management as an Integral Part of Talent Management: How

      Technology Can Help.  The speakers for this session will be Rob

      Bernshteyn, Director of Product Marketing, SuccessFactors, and Michael

      Harper, President, TalentGenesis Inc.



   -- Hiring Top Talent from the Outside: Critical Success Factors.   This

      issue will be addressed by Steve Arneson, Vice President, Leadership

      Development and Capital One University, Capital One, and Tim Richmond,

      Manager, Talent Management, 3M.



   -- Enabling Talent Flow: Enterprise-wide Moves.  The speakers for this

      session will be Pierre Bismuth, Vice President, Personnel, Schlumberger

      Ltd., and Susan P. Peters, Vice President, Executive Development,

      General Electric Company.  The moderator will be John Beeson,

      Principal, Beeson Consulting, Inc.



   -- Succession Management: A Global Diversity Strategy.  This topic will be

      discussed by Richard O'Leary, Director, Human Resources & Diversity,

      Corning Inc., and Larry Mills, Vice President, Corporate and Enterprise

      Information Systems, Human Resources, Lockheed Martin Corporation.



   -- Assessing Key Determinants of Success: Why Behavior and Values Matter.

      Participants in this session will include Gary Hourihan, President,

      Leadership Development Solutions, Korn/Ferry International; Marty

      Kavanaugh, Managing Director, PGA of America; and Steven Heaslip,

      Senior Vice President, Human Resources, International Flavors and

      Fragrances.



   -- Preparing the CEO and the Business for the Talent Review.  This topic

      will be explored by Cara Capretta Raymond, Vice President, Product &

      Business Development, Lominger Limited, Inc.; Anne Nagy, Vice

      President, Human Resources, Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company; and

      Kim Bedzyk, Vice President & Assistant to CEO, Nationwide Mutual

      Insurance Company.



   -- Succession Management During Mergers and Acquisitions.  Speakers will

      be James R. Michaud, Global Director, Human Resources, Alcoa, Inc., and

      Yvette Vargas, Senior Vice President, Performance Impact and Talent, JP

      Morgan Chase & Co.



   -- Succession Management as a Key Business Process.  The panelist for this

      session will be Ava L. Johnsey, Global Director, HR Center: Mergers and

      Acquisitions and Workforce Planning, The Dow Chemical Company; James R.

      Michaud, Global Director, Human Resources, Alcoa, Inc.; and Pierre

      Bismuth, Vice President, Personnel, Schlumberger Ltd. The moderator

      will be John Beeson, Principal, Beeson Consulting, Inc.







Members of the press are invited to attend this conference without charge. To

register, please call (212) 339-0231 or email  f.tortorici@conference-board.org

. A full copy of the program is available on The Conference Board's website --

http://www.tcb.org/ .



CONTACT: Frank Tortorici, +1-212-339-0231, for The Conference Board



Web site:   http://www.conference-board.org/



SOURCE The Conference Board



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





