aa,PR Newswire US,20050627,6:30,332438
                              757 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       June 27, 2005 Monday 10:30 AM GMT



Rural/Metro Awarded 911 Ambulance Contract Renewal in Blount County, Tennessee



LENGTH: 568 words



DATELINE: SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. June 27





SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., June 27  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Rural/Metro Corporation

(NASDAQ:RURL) announced today that it has been awarded a long-term renewal

contract to continue as the exclusive provider of emergency medical

transportation services in Blount County, Tennessee.



The five-year contract is valued at approximately $25 million in net revenue

over its term, which begins July 1, 2005.  The contract was awarded on a

unanimous vote of the Blount County Commission.



Jack Brucker, President and Chief Executive Officer, said, "We are very pleased

to continue serving the citizens of Blount County and look forward to building

on two decades of service excellence for many years to come. We respect and

value the trust that the Commission and the community place in our service."



Rural/Metro Ambulance Service has been the emergency medical transportation

provider in Blount County for 20 years, serving more than 100,000 people who

live and work there. Blount County spans 584 square miles in Eastern Tennessee

and includes the cities of Maryville, Alcoa, Louisville, Townsend, Friendsville

and Rockford.



Susan Brown, President of Rural/Metro's Southern Emergency Response Group, said,

"We are proud to continue our relationship with Blount County and to serve the

community for another five years.  Our company has a long history of excellent

service in Blount County, and we intend to continue that tradition."



Rob Webb, the company's EMS director of operations for Blount County, added, "We

owe our success to the professional and dedicated staff of men and women who are

committed to serving this community.  Our employees work hard to make us the

best, and we are very proud of the service they provide."



Rural/Metro is a leading emergency service provider in East Tennessee, with a

combined work force of more than 500 firefighters, paramedics, EMTs,

telecommunication professionals and other support personnel. Rural/Metro

Ambulance provides exclusive emergency medical transportation services under

contract to Knox, Blount, Loudon and Franklin counties. Rural/Metro Fire

Department is the third-largest in Tennessee and has provided fire protection

services in Knox County since 1977.



Rural/Metro Corporation provides emergency and non-emergency medical

transportation, fire protection, and other safety services in 22 states and

approximately 365 communities throughout the United States.  For more

information, visit the company's web site at  http://www.ruralmetro.com/ .



This press release may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and

uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks

and uncertainties include, among others, the company's ability to sustain

operating cash flow, secure new contracts, retain existing contracts, and

improve earnings and operating margins. Additional factors that could affect the

company are described in its Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2004 under

the caption "Risk Factors" in the Management's Discussion and Analysis section,

and other factors as described from time to time in the company's SEC filings.

The company disclaims any obligation to update its forward-looking statements.



CONTACT:  Liz Merritt of Rural/Metro Corporation, +1-480-606-3337; or

investors, Jim Byers of Financial Dynamics, +1-415-439-4504, for Rural/Metro

Corporation



Web site:   http://www.ruralmetro.com/



SOURCE Rural/Metro Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





