aa,PR Newswire US,20070131,11:26,332320
                              639 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                     January 31, 2007 Wednesday 4:26 PM GMT



Commercial Metals Vote Indicates Explosion of Investor Support for Equal

Opportunity in the Workplace;

43% of Commercial Metals Shares Voted in Favor of Proposal Encouraging Company

to modify Equal Employment Opportunity Policy to include sexual orientation; one

in a series of high votes on this issue



LENGTH: 838 words



DATELINE: BOSTON Jan. 31





BOSTON, Jan. 31  /PRNewswire/ -- Approximately 43% of shareholders voted in

favor of a shareholder proposal asking Commercial Metals (NYSE:CMC) to amend its

nondiscrimination policy to explicitly include sexual orientation at the

company's annual meeting of shareholders on January 25, 2007.  This vote total

followed on the heels of a 55% support vote at Micron Technology (NYSE:MU),

announced in the company's 10-Q on January 16, 2007.



Walden Asset Management was the lead filer of the resolution at Commercial

Metals which was formally moved at the annual meeting by Pat Tharp of the Social

Action Council of Dallas.  The New York City Employees' Retirement System

(NYCERS) was the lead filer of the Micron resolution which was formally moved at

the annual meeting by Zack Wright of the Pride Foundation.



"These vote totals are unprecedented and indicate an explosion of investor

support around this issue.  Only Cracker Barrel, after a protracted campaign,

and JC Penney, where management supported the resolution, have seen higher

shareholder approval," stated Meredith Benton, Research Associate at Boston-

based Walden Asset Management.  "We consider these vote totals to be a harbinger

of the coming resolution season and expect to see high votes at companies such

as ExxonMobil, Leggett & Platt and Expeditors, companies that persist in holding

policies that do not explicitly offer equal protections," stated Zack Wright,

Chair of the Shareholder Activism Committee at Pride Foundation.



Commercial Metals and Micron are on a shrinking list of major companies without

inclusive nondiscrimination policies. More than 85 percent of Fortune 500(R)

companies explicitly bar discrimination based on sexual orientation, according

to Human Rights Campaign, including 98 of the Fortune 100.  Major steel

companies with inclusive policies, as requested in the resolution at Commercial

Metals, include Alcoa, Ball Corp., Crown Holdings, Newmont Mining, Nucor Corp.,

Owens-Illinois, Ryerson and U.S. Steel, according to Human Rights Campaign.

Other semiconductor companies with sexual orientation in their nondiscrimination

policy, as requested in the resolution at Micron Technology, include Intel,

SimpleTech, STMicroelectronics, Texas Instruments, and ZiLOG Inc.



Sixteen states, the District of Columbia, and more than 130 cities, including

Dallas and Fort Worth, Texas, currently have laws prohibiting employment

discrimination based on sexual orientation.  Of the job openings Commercial

Metals had posted on its website on January 4, 2007, forty-one percent were

located in cities or states with prohibitions against discrimination on the

basis of sexual orientation.  Because state and local laws are inconsistent with

respect to employment discrimination, shareholders believe the company would

benefit by a consistent, corporate-wide policy to enhance efforts to prevent

discrimination and resolve complaints internally. Ms. Benton elaborated,

"Investors are concerned that, without an explicit corporate-wide policy,

miscommunication and inconsistencies increase the risk of discrimination,

harassment and litigation."



National polls consistently find more than three-quarters of Americans support

equal rights in the workplace for gay men, lesbians and bisexuals. For example,

in a Gallup poll conducted in June 2001, 85% of respondents favored equal

opportunity in employment for gays and lesbians.  Moreover, according to a

survey by Harris Interactive and Witeck-Combs, 41% of gay and lesbian workers in

the United States report facing some form of hostility or harassment on the job;

almost one out of every 10 gay or lesbian adults also stated that they had been

fired or dismissed unfairly from a previous job, or pressured to quit a job

because of their sexual orientation.  Employment discrimination on the basis of

sexual orientation is believed to diminish employee morale and productivity.



Ms. Benton added, "Firms with inclusive employment policies help ensure a

respectful and productive atmosphere for all employees and enhance their

competitive advantage in recruiting and retaining employees from the widest pool

of talent.  Commercial Metals, for instance, is competing for employees in the

state of Texas against companies with inclusive policies, such as Affiliated

Computer Services, AMR Corp., Centex, Dean Foods, Omni Hotels, RadioShack,

Southwest Airlines, Tenet Healthcare, Texas Instruments and TXU."



Walden Asset Management ( http://www.waldenassetmgmt.com/ ) is the socially

responsive investment division of Boston Trust & Investment Management Company.

Founded in 1975, Walden has been a pioneer in socially responsive portfolio

management on behalf of individual and institutional clients. Walden blends a

disciplined investment style and expertise in social screening with a commitment

to using its leverage as an investor to improve corporate social performance.



CONTACT:  Meredith R. Benton of Walden, +1-617-726-7125



Web site:   http://www.waldenassetmgmt.com/



SOURCE Walden Asset Management



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





