aa,PR Newswire US,20060608,9:00,332373
                              692 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       June 8, 2006 Thursday 1:00 PM GMT



DuPont and Alcoa Collaborate on New Hurricane-Resistant Architectural Panel

System



LENGTH: 1185 words



DATELINE: WILMINGTON, Del., and PITTSBURGH June 8





WILMINGTON, Del., and PITTSBURGH, June 8  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- DuPont and

Alcoa (NYSE:AA) have collaborated to develop a new product for the commercial

building and construction market that provides protection against the damage of

hurricane wind-borne debris.



DuPont and Alcoa are introducing an innovative new product that incorporates

both companies' science and technical expertise in high-strength materials

technology.  Called Reynobond(R) with Kevlar(R), it is a durable architectural

panel system designed to withstand wind-borne debris and wind speeds common in

hurricanes up to a Category 3 storm.  (Category 3 hurricanes have wind speeds up

to 130 mph.)  Reynobond(R) made with Kevlar(R) brand fiber acts as a safety net

by helping to protect the facades of buildings from hurricane-propelled debris,

frequently the main cause of hurricane damage.



Reynobond(R) with Kevlar(R) combines the weight and flexibility benefits of

Alcoa's Reynobond(R) aluminum composite material with the impact-resistant

strength of DuPont(TM) Kevlar(R) fiber.  "Partnering with DuPont provided Alcoa

the opportunity to enhance our lightweight, widely used Reynobond(R) aluminum

composite material to a new level of usage by inserting DuPont's ultra strong

Kevlar(R) fabric into the architectural panel," said Eric Bassel, president of

Alcoa Architectural Products.



Market-Driven Collaboration



"This market-driven collaboration between two well-known technology and

industrial leaders was essential in enabling the successful launch of this new,

multi-material product.  Deep fundamental knowledge of their respective

materials and close collaboration on interface performance were key in

developing this unique product," said Alcoa Vice President and Chief Technical

Officer Mohammad Zaidi.



"Because threats to people's livelihood are dynamic and evolving, we continue to

put DuPont science to work - in this instance by collaborating with Alcoa on an

innovative product that helps protect people, property and business operations,"

said William J. Harvey, vice president and general manager, DuPont Advanced

Fiber Systems.  "Through this science-based collaboration, DuPont and Alcoa

combined their extensive expertise, product knowledge and market experience to

accelerate the design-to-market process."



By introducing a thin layer of fabric made from Kevlar(R) fiber between the

Reynobond(R) aluminum skins and polyethylene core, Alcoa has created the only

light, flexible aluminum composite material that can, on its own, withstand

hurricane-propelled debris.



Alcoa has successfully tested panels of Reynobond(R) with Kevlar(R) that have

passed rigorous simulated hurricane impact tests conducted by Hurricane Test

Laboratory, LLC in Florida.  This includes the "large missile impact test,"

involving a 9-pound 2X4 timber traveling at 50 feet per second, as stipulated by

the Miami-Dade Building Code.  Official approval of the product from the

Miami-Dade County Building Code Compliance Office is pending.



Reynobond(R) with Kevlar(R) is an ideal cladding material for the facades of

commercial office and public buildings, such as schools, libraries,



museums, hospitals and other small and mid-sized structures, particularly in

hurricane-prone areas like the U.S. Gulf region.



Reynobond(R) with Kevlar(R) is a cost-effective alternative to traditional

fascia materials because no protective backer material is needed, it is easy to

install, and it is low maintenance.  Panels can be shop-fabricated and quickly

and simply installed onto studs, significantly reducing installation time and

labor costs as compared to other facades.  Because no repainting is required,

the new product requires less maintenance over its lifetime.



Highly Engineered Solution



Reynobond(R) with Kevlar(R) is a lightweight aluminum composite material that

helps provide protection for a building structure with a superior strength to

weight ratio further enhanced by the extraordinary high strength of DuPont(TM)

Kevlar(R) brand fiber, which is five times stronger than steel on an equal

weight basis.  Kevlar(R) is used around the world as the life-saving material in

bullet-resistant vests and body armor.  In this application, Kevlar(R) provides

superior impact resistance, similar to how it works as a protective barrier

around jet turbine blades and luggage containers for aircraft to help shield

passengers from flying debris, should an explosion occur.



Reynobond(R) with Kevlar(R) shares the same benefits of durability and

versatility as traditional Reynobond(R) aluminum composite material, which is

used around the world in a wide range of interior and exterior architectural and

specialty applications.  Plus, Reynobond(R) with Kevlar(R) enjoys the same

limitless range of colorful hues as traditional Reynobond(R) aluminum composite

material, providing the added bonus of greater architectural aesthetics.



Reynobond(R) with Kevlar(R) will initially be available throughout U.S.

hurricane-related markets from Texas to Florida and north to Maine and then

globally.  To learn more about this new product from Alcoa Architectural

Products, as well as a demonstration of the product in use, visit

http://www.reynobondwithkevlar.com/  .



Alcoa is the world's leading producer and manager of primary aluminum,

fabricated aluminum and alumina facilities, and is active in all major aspects

of the industry.  Alcoa serves the aerospace, automotive, packaging, building

and construction, commercial transportation and industrial markets, bringing

design, engineering, production and other capabilities of Alcoa's businesses to

customers.  In addition to aluminum products and components, Alcoa also markets

consumer brands including Reynolds Wrap(R) foils and plastic wraps, Alcoa(R)

wheels, and Baco(R) household wraps.  Among its other businesses are closures,

fastening systems, precision castings, and electrical distribution systems for

cars and trucks.  The company has 129,000 employees in 43 countries and has been

named one of the top most sustainable corporations in the world at the World

Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.  More information can be found at

http://www.alcoa.com/  .



DuPont (NYSE:DD) is a science company.  Founded in 1802, DuPont puts science to

work by creating sustainable solutions essential to a better, safer, healthier

life for people everywhere.  Operating in more than 70 countries, DuPont offers

a wide range of innovative products and services for markets including

agriculture, nutrition, electronics, communications, safety and protection, home

and construction, transportation and apparel.



The DuPont Oval Logo, DuPont(TM), The miracles of science(TM), and Kevlar(R) are

registered trademarks or trademarks of DuPont or its affiliates.



Reynobond(R), Reynolds Wrap(R), Alcoa(R), and Baco(R) are registered trademarks

of Alcoa Inc.



CONTACT:  Anthony Farina of DuPont, +1-302-774-4005 or

 anthony.r.farina@usa.dupont.com ; or Kevin G. Lowery of Alcoa Inc.,

+1-412-553-1424 or  kevin.lowery@alcoa.com



Web site:   http://www.dupont.com/

 http://www.alcoa.com/

 http://www.reynobondwithkevlar.com/



SOURCE DuPont



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





