aa,PR Newswire US,20061201,15:15,332334
                              653 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      December 1, 2006 Friday 8:15 PM GMT



James P. Bouchard Named Chairman and CEO of Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corporation;

Craig T. Bouchard Named President and Vice Chairman;

Following Election Results Certification and Installation of New Directors,

Bouchards Elected to Leadership Posts; Set Transition Agenda for Wheeling-

Pitt's Future



LENGTH: 806 words



DATELINE: WHEELING, W.Va. Dec. 1





WHEELING, W.Va., Dec. 1  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The newly installed board of

directors for Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corporation (NASDAQ:WPSC) ("Wheeling-Pitt"),

today announced that James P. Bouchard has been elected Chairman and CEO of

Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corporation, effective immediately.



The board of directors also named Craig T. Bouchard, 53, President and Vice

Chairman of Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corporation.



Bouchard, 45, was appointed immediately after certification of the vote of the

annual meeting of shareholders was received late yesterday.  The directors

nominated by Esmark Incorporated received an overwhelming majority of more than

67 percent at the annual meeting of shareholders held on November 17, 2006. The

newly installed board of directors include:



   - C. Frederick Fetterolf, former President of Alcoa;

   - James A. Todd, former CEO of Birmingham Steel (now part of Nucor)

   - Albert G. Adkins, former Chief Financial Officer of Marathon Oil and

     Treasurer of U.S. Steel;

   - Clark Burrus, former Controller of the City of Chicago;

   - George Munoz, former Chief Financial Officer of the United States

     Treasury and CEO of Overseas Private Investment Corporation;

   - James V. Koch, President Emeritus of Old Dominion University and former

     President of The University of Montana;

   - Joseph Peduzzi, a highly regarded investor and risk manager;

   - James Bowen, former president of the West Virginia AFL-CIO;

   - Lynn R. Williams, former President Emeritus of United Steelworkers.







Bouchard said he was honored to lead the management team charged with rebuilding

Wheeling-Pitt into a financially-sound, well-diversified and profitable steel

company. "It's my personal mandate to provide the leadership and commitment to

re-energize our employees and work with the shareholders of Wheeling-Pitt, our

employees, the United Steelworkers and the Ohio Valley communities to position

Wheeling-Pitt for future growth and prosperity. I greatly look forward to that

challenge."



Bouchard added, "Our transition efforts with Wheeling-Pitt have been underway

for several weeks and we have already started the rebuilding process. As part of

that process we want all of our constituencies, but especially our valued

customers, to know that we remain committed to providing quality products and

customer service and we believe any changes that will be made will only improve

our business.  We also want to reassure our employees that we will take steps to

rebuild Wheeling-Pitt into a profitable and successful company, but our new team

cannot do it alone -- we need the continued dedication and help of our great

employees.  We look forward to communicating our plans with our employees,

customers and suppliers in the weeks and months ahead."



About Wheeling-Pittsburgh:



Wheeling-Pittsburgh was organized as a Delaware corporation on June 27, 1920

under the name Wheeling Steel Corporation. Its headquarters is located in

Wheeling, WV, with major production facilities in the Upper Ohio and Monongahela

valleys. Wheeling-Pittsburgh is a holding company that, together with its

several subsidiaries and joint ventures, produces steel and steel products using

both integrated and electric arc furnace technology.  The Company has slab

making production capacity of 2.8 million short tons and hot rolling capacity of

3.4 million short tons. Approximately 65 percent of its sales are comprised of

high value-added products.



Mr. Bouchard's comments in this release are solely in his capacity as Chairman

and CEO of Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corporation and not in any other capacity.



This release may contain projections or other forward-looking statements

regarding future events or the future financial performance of Wheeling-

Pittsburgh Corporation that involve risks and uncertainties.  Readers are

cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and may

differ materially from actual future events or results.  Readers are referred to

the "Item 1A - Risk Factors" section of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K

for the year ended December 31, 2005, and other reports and filings with the

SEC, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to

differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, any

forward-looking statements represent Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corporation's views

only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing the Company's

views as of any subsequent date.  While Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corporation may

elect to update forward-looking statements from time to time, the Company

specifically disclaims any obligation to do so.



CONTACT:  Jim Kosowski of Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corporation,

+1-304-234-2440



Web site:   http://www.wpsc.com/



Company News On-Call:   http://www.prnewswire.com/comp/967451.html



SOURCE Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





