aa,PR Newswire US,20070618,13:22,332263
                              582 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                        June 18, 2007 Monday 5:22 PM GMT



China Direct's Chang Magnesium Subsidiary Receives Multiple Orders for Pure

Magnesium Valued at Over $23 Million;

Company Sees Continued Strong Demand Throughout 2007



LENGTH: 608 words



DATELINE: BOCA RATON, Fla. June 18





BOCA RATON, Fla., June 18  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- China Direct, Inc.

(OTC:CHND) (BULLETIN BOARD: CHND) , a company maintaining active, majority

stakes in a diversified portfolio of Chinese companies as well as offering

consulting services for both private and publicly traded Chinese entities, today

announced that its Chang Magnesium Company, Limited ("Chang Magnesium")

subsidiary has received multiple purchase orders for its pure magnesium valued

at over $23 million based on the current price per ton on the world market. The

orders will be shipped at various times throughout the remainder of 2007 via

Excel Rise Technologies Company, Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Chang

Magnesium. The orders have been received from a number of different companies

including Alcoa Australia Rolled Products and Canada Aluminum.



Chang Magnesium continues to see strong demand from its current customers as

well as new customers seeking to purchase magnesium from its refinery and

distribution operations.  As previously announced, magnesium prices have risen

substantially in 2007 and management at Chang Magnesium believes the current

worldwide demand will continue to increase in the coming years.



Commenting on these new orders, Dr. James Wang, Chairman and CEO stated, "Our

magnesium operations continue to see robust demand.  We will opportunistically

support those operations with China Direct resources in an effort to maximize

the growth potential in this expanding industry."



About China Direct, Inc.



China Direct, Inc. maintains active, majority stakes in a diversified portfolio

of Chinese companies operating in multiple industries. Additionally, the Company

provides consulting services for both private and publicly held Chinese

entities. China Direct's mission is to utilize our unique platform to empower

emerging growth Chinese entities to effectively compete while becoming

recognized as global enterprises.  As a direct link to China, our Company serves

as a vehicle to allow investors to participate directly in the rapid growth of

Chinese economy through the success of our portfolio of partners and clients.

For more information about China Direct, please visit  http://www.cdii.net/ .



Safe Harbor Statement



This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the

Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These forward- looking

statements are based on current expectations or beliefs, including, but not

limited to, statements concerning the Company's operations, financial

performance and, condition.  For this purpose, statements that are not

statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements.

The Company cautions that these statements by their nature involve risks and

uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially depending on a variety

of important factors, including, but not limited to, the impact of competitive

products, pricing and new technology; changes in consumer preferences and

tastes; and effectiveness of marketing; changes in laws and regulations;

fluctuations in costs of production, and other factors as those discussed in the

Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to

time.  In addition, the company disclaims any obligation to update any

forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date

hereof.



CONTACT:  Investors: Alan Sheinwald of HC International, LLC,

+1-914-669-0222,  Alan.Sheinwald@HCinternational.net ; or Richard Galterio,

Executive Vice President of China Direct, Inc., +1-877-China-57,

 Richard@cdii.net



Web site:   http://www.cdii.net/



SOURCE China Direct, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





