aa,PR Newswire,20100324,9:08,331998
                              317 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      March 24, 2010 Wednesday 9:08 AM EST



Altair ProductDesign Selects Odyssey to Support the Fabrication of Transit Bus

Technology Demonstrator;

Altair's BUSolutions program kicks off build of advanced bus design to lower

transit authority operating costs and environmental impact



LENGTH: 930 words



DATELINE: TROY, Mich., March 24





TROY, Mich., March 24 /PRNewswire/ -- In an effort to develop and commercialize

an advanced bus platform that lowers the total cost of ownership and

environmental impact of commercial buses, Altair ProductDesign moved one step

closer today with the naming of Lake Orion, Mich.-based Odyssey Industries, Inc.

as a fabrication partner for Altair's BUSolutions program.



BUSolutions is a collaborative effort between public and private entities to

research, develop and commercialize advanced transit bus systems that are

significantly more fuel efficient, have lower operating and maintenance costs,

are competitively priced and can operate without updating the infrastructure of

existing transit authorities.



Additionally, the BUSolutions program includes industry-leading companies that

will help to incorporate state-of-the-art components and technologies from the

transportation sector. Program sponsors include Arvin Meritor, Hamilton

Sundstrand, PRAN, Sika Corporation, Alcoa Howmet, Carrier Corporation, LAAD

Industries, Pretoria Transit Interiors, Shaw Development, USSC Group and

Williams Controls.



"We used an extensive evaluation process to assess potential fabrication

partners in which we sought a Michigan-based company with the facilities,

capabilities and experience to manage the fabrication of a 40-foot bus structure

within the required timeline," said Jeff Hopkins, BUSolutions design manager at

Altair ProductDesign. "Of the candidates evaluated, Odyssey was the clear

choice. We have great confidence in their abilities, highly skilled workforce

and experience within the aerospace and automotive industries. "



Altair is working closely with Odyssey to fabricate the first technology

demonstrator bus. Fabrication of the bus body structure is currently underway at

Odyssey and final assembly is slated to begin this summer at Altair.



"We are thrilled to be a partner in the BUSolutions program that is putting

Michigan at the forefront of solving emerging public transit technology issues

through innovation and collaboration," said Gary Rymiszewski, vice president of

manufacturing at Odyssey Incorporated. "We will leverage more than 20 years of

experience in fabricating and finishing aerospace tooling and structures of all

sizes to successfully fabricate the demonstrator buses."



Once the build of the first technology demonstrator bus is complete, Altair will

conduct testing to validate the reductions in fuel, maintenance and

lifetime-operation costs. Any necessary improvements will be incorporated so the

design is production ready, ensuring a smooth transition of the program into a

commercialization phase.



Since BUSolutions launched in 2005, Altair has worked closely with local transit

authorities, the Suburban Mobility Authority for Regional Transportation (SMART)

and the Detroit Department of Transportation (DDOT), to ensure the newly

designed bus platform will meet regulatory requirements and address the needs of

bus drivers and riders. Altair also established the BUSolutions Advisory Board

to offer insight into broader community needs, as well as perspective on actual

ridership issues and public interface ergonomics. As a result, Altair

ProductDesign successfully completed the bus structure engineering incorporating

design principles that will enhance the rider experience.



About Altair BUSolutions



Launched in 2005, the Altair BUSolutions program was established to develop and

commercialize an advanced bus platform that lowers the total cost of ownership

and environmental impact of commercial buses without updating the infrastructure

of existing transit authorities. Leveraging the company's deep domain knowledge

in vehicle systems and cutting edge simulation-driven design practices to

establish design feasibility, Altair successfully partnered with Automation

Alley, Michigan's largest technology business association, to secure federal

funding to build working technology demonstrators for future commercialization.

BUSolutions is administered by the Federal Transit Administration (FTA) and is

locally supported by southeast Michigan congressional members, transportation

industry partners, and local transit authorities, SMART and DDOT. For more

information, visit www.altairproductdesign.com/CaseStudy_BUSolutions.aspx.



About Odyssey



Odyssey is a high-technology solutions provider that supplies leading companies

within the manufacturing industry and global aerospace markets with the

highest-quality total solution to product development. For more than 20 years,

Odyssey has implemented strategically beneficial partnerships and teaming

arrangements with other major manufacturing firms to provide cost-efficient,

high-quality development of new and redesigned tooling and structural

assemblies. For more information, visit www.odysseytooling.com.



About Altair ProductDesign



Altair ProductDesign is a global, multi-disciplinary product development

consultancy of more than 500 designers, engineers, scientists, and creative

thinkers. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Altair Engineering, Inc.

(www.altair.com), this cross-functional organization is best known for its

leadership in simulation-driven innovation. Altair ProductDesign firmly

advocates a user-centered, team-based design approach and uses proprietary

simulation and optimization technologies to help clients bring innovative,

profitable products to market faster. To learn more, please visit

www.altairproductdesign.com.



SOURCE Altair Engineering, Inc.







CONTACT:Jennifer Ristic, Airfoil Public Relations, on behalf of Altair

Engineering, +1-248-304-1421, ristic@airfoilpr.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





