aa,PR Newswire US,20060705,15:12,332367
                              686 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       July 5, 2006 Wednesday 7:12 PM GMT



Associated Materials Incorporated Announces Dana Snyder Appointed Interim

President and Chief Executive Officer



LENGTH: 932 words



DATELINE: CUYAHOGA FALLS, Ohio July 5





CUYAHOGA FALLS, Ohio, July 5  /PRNewswire/ -- Associated Materials Incorporated

("AMI" or the "Company") announced today that Dana R. Snyder has been appointed

interim President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective July 1,

2006.  Mr. Snyder replaces Michael Caporale, whose resignation by mutual

agreement with the Company's Board of Directors was effective June 30, 2006.



Mr. Snyder currently serves as a member of the Company's Board of Directors and

has served as an advisory director of Investcorp since 2002. Mr. Snyder has over

35 years of experience in the building products industry, including serving as

Chief Operating Officer of Ply Gem Industries, Inc. from 1995 to 1997 and as

President of Alcoa Construction Products Group from 1990 to 1995.



In a joint statement, Chris Stadler, Managing Director of Investcorp and Ira

Kleinman, Managing Director of Harvest Partners said, "We are pleased that Dana

has accepted the appointment as interim President and Chief Executive Officer of

AMI.  In addition to his significant experience in the building products

industry, Dana has considerable knowledge of the Company, as he has served on

the Company's Board since December of 2004.  We are confident that Dana, along

with the existing senior management team, will continue to drive the operational

and financial performance of the business."



Messrs. Stadler and Kleinman continued, "We continue to actively seek a

permanent President and Chief Executive Officer to join AMI.  We have met with

several strong individuals, and we are optimistic that in the near future we

will retain a highly qualified individual to lead the Company into the future."



Associated Materials Incorporated is a leading manufacturer of exterior

residential building products, which are distributed through company-owned

distribution centers and independent distributors across North America.  AMI

produces a broad range of vinyl windows, vinyl siding, aluminum trim coil,

aluminum and steel siding and accessories, as well as vinyl fencing and railing.

AMI is a privately held, wholly-owned subsidiary of Associated Materials

Holdings Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of AMH Holdings, Inc. ("AMH"), a

wholly-owned subsidiary of AMH Holdings II, Inc., which is controlled by

affiliates of Investcorp S.A. and Harvest Partners, Inc.  For more information,

please visit the Company's website at  http://www.associatedmaterials.com/ .



Founded in 1982, Investcorp is a global investment group with offices in New

York, London and Bahrain.  The firm has four lines of business: corporate

investment, real estate investment, asset management and technology investment.

It has completed transactions with a total acquisition value of more than $28

billion.  For more information on Investcorp please visit its website at

http://www.investcorp.com/ .



Harvest Partners is a private equity investment firm with a long track record of

building value in businesses and generating attractive returns on investment.

Founded in 1981, Harvest Partners has approximately $1 billion of invested

capital under management.  For more information on Harvest Partners please visit

its website at  http://www.harvpart.com/ .



This press release contains certain forward-looking statements (as such term is

defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) relating to AMI

and AMH that are based on the beliefs of AMI's and AMH's management.  When used

in this press release, the words "may," "will," "should," "expect," "intend,"

"estimate," "anticipate," "believe," "predict," "potential" or "continue" or

similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.  These statements are

subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Such statements reflect the current

views of AMI's and AMH's management.  The following factors, and others which

are discussed in AMI's and AMH's filings with the Securities and Exchange

Commission, are among those that may cause actual results to differ materially

from the forward-looking statements: changes in the home building industry,

general economic conditions, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates,

changes in the availability of consumer credit, employment trends, levels of

consumer confidence, consumer preferences, changes in raw material costs and

availability, market acceptance of price increases, changes in national and

regional trends in new housing starts, changes in weather conditions, the

Company's ability to comply with certain financial covenants in loan documents

governing its indebtedness, increases in levels of competition within its

market, availability of alternative building products, increases in its level of

indebtedness, increases in costs of environmental compliance, increase in

capital expenditure requirements, potential conflict between Alside and Gentek

distribution channels, and shifts in market demand.  Should one or more of these

risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions or

estimates prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those

described herein as expected, intended, estimated, anticipated, believed or

predicted.  We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking

statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.



CONTACT:  D. Keith LaVanway, Chief Financial Officer, +1-330-922-2004, or

Cyndi Sobe, Vice President, Finance, +1-330-922-7743, both of Associated

Materials Incorporated



Web site:   http://www.associatedmaterials.com/

 http://www.investcorp.com/

 http://www.harvpart.com/



SOURCE Associated Materials Incorporated



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





