aa,PR Newswire US,20070321,16:00,332301
                              620 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      March 21, 2007 Wednesday 8:00 PM GMT



AFL Automotive and Maxwell Technologies to Exhibit Efficient Cold Start System

at Mid-America Trucking Show;

The System Lowers Cost of Ownership for Commercial Vehicle Owners Through Fuel

Savings, Lower Weight and Improved Packaging



LENGTH: 1105 words



DATELINE: DETROIT and SAN DIEGO March 21





DETROIT and SAN DIEGO, March 21  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- AFL Automotive, an

Alcoa business, and Maxwell Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:MXWL) announced today

that they are exhibiting a cold start system for the commercial truck market at

the Mid-America Trucking Show in Louisville, Kentucky on March 22nd and 23rd.

The cold start system utilizes Maxwell's BOOSTCAP(R) ultracapacitors with AFL's

power management system to develop an efficient engine starting system.



"The cold start system can lower cost of ownership for fleet owners through fuel

savings, lower weight and improved packaging," said Allen Zwierzchowski, Senior

Vice President Global Technology AFL Automotive.  "The cold start system can be

used as part of a no-idle system to start a diesel engine in cold climates and

to ensure reliable starting after the truck batteries are drained overnight by

hotel loads.  The cold start system, which recharges quickly from the main power

system, can also be used with delivery vehicles that have repetitive starts."



Advantages of AFL-Maxwell Cold Start System



To meet the no-idle laws, many commercial vehicles use auxiliary power units or

a series of lead acid batteries to provide heating, cooling and driver comfort.

After powering these overnight "hotel loads" many of the battery systems have

insufficient power to start the vehicle in the morning, especially at cold

ambient temperatures.  The AFL-Maxwell cold start system can ensure engine

starts for commercial vehicles, thus eliminating the lost down time of jump

starts.  A single jump start may result in $500 to $600 of lost down of road

service and down time expense for a truck owner.



The cold start system can also reduce or eliminate secondary energy storage

systems that are used to start diesel engines from 6 liters to 16 liters in

displacement.  This weight savings can be used to lower fuel consumption or

increase payload, resulting in greater operational efficiency to truck owners.



Also, many delivery or transit vehicles have repetitive starts that can drain

the primary battery systems and result in stranded drivers and payload. The

AFL-Maxwell cold start system is especially designed for fleet owners who have

time sensitive cargo that cannot afford lost downtime with a drained battery.



"AFL and Maxwell have built upon the collaboration initiated in 2006 to develop

cold start solutions for the commercial truck market," Zwierzchowski explained.

To learn more about the cold start system, visit the Alcoa booth at the

Mid-America Trucking Show.



About AFL Automotive



AFL Automotive, an Alcoa business, is a world leader in the design, development

and production of high quality electrical and electronic distribution systems

for personal and commercial vehicles, working with vehicle manufacturers and

their sub-suppliers in the major automotive centers in Asia, Europe and the

Americas.  To learn more about AFL Automotive visit  http://www.aflauto.com/



About Maxwell Technologies



Maxwell is a leading developer and manufacturer of innovative, cost-effective

energy storage and power delivery solutions.  Our BOOSTCAP(R) ultracapacitor

cells and multi-cell modules provide safe and reliable power solutions for

applications in consumer and industrial electronics, transportation and

telecommunications.  Our CONDIS(R) high-voltage grading and coupling capacitors

help to ensure the safety and reliability of electric utility infrastructure and

other applications involving transport, distribution and measurement of

high-voltage electrical energy.  Our radiation-mitigated microelectronic

products include power modules, memory modules and single board computers that

incorporate powerful commercial silicon for superior performance and high

reliability in aerospace applications.  For more information, please visit our

website:  http://www.maxwell.com/ .



About Alcoa



Alcoa is the world's leading producer and manager of primary aluminum,

fabricated aluminum and alumina facilities, and is active in all major aspects

of the industry.  Alcoa serves the aerospace, automotive, packaging, building

and construction, commercial transportation and industrial markets, bringing

design, engineering, production and other capabilities of Alcoa's businesses to

customers.  In addition to aluminum products and components, Alcoa also markets

consumer brands including Reynolds Wrap(R) foils and plastic wraps, Alcoa(R)

wheels, and Baco(R) household wraps.  Among its other businesses are closures,

fastening systems, precision castings, and electrical distribution systems for

cars and trucks.  The company has 123,000 employees in 44 countries and has been

named one of the top most sustainable corporations in the world at the World

Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. More information can be found at

http://www.alcoa.com/ .



Forward-Looking Statements



Statements in this news release that are "forward-looking statements" are based

on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and

uncertainties.  Actual results could differ materially because of factors such

as:



    *  development and acceptance of products based on new technologies;



     *  demand for original equipment manufacturers' products reaching

        anticipated levels;



     *  general economic conditions in the markets served by the company's

        products;



     *  cost-effective manufacturing of new products;



     *  the impact of competitive products and pricing;



     *  risks and uncertainties involved in foreign operations, including the

        impact of currency fluctuations;



     *  product liability or warranty claims in excess of our reserves.







For further information regarding risks and uncertainties associated with

Maxwell's business, please refer to the "Management's Discussion and Analysis of

Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Risk Factors" sections of

our SEC filings, including, but not limited to, our annual report on Form 10-K

and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by

contacting Maxwell's investor relations department at (858) 503-3434 or at our

investor relations website at  http://www.maxwell.com/investors/sec-filing.asp .



All information in this release is as of March 21, 2007. The company undertakes

no duty to update any forward-looking statement to conform the statement to

actual results or changes in the company's expectations.



CONTACT:  Kevin G. Lowery of Alcoa Inc., +1-412-553-1424; or Mike Sund of

Maxwell Technologies, Inc., +1-858-503-3233



Web site:   http://www.aflauto.com/



Web site:   http://www.alcoa.com/



Web site:   http://www.maxwell.com/



SOURCE Maxwell Technologies, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





