aa,PR Newswire US,20060404,11:22,332386
                              705 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       April 4, 2006 Tuesday 3:22 PM GMT



ASM Seattle 2006 Pushes the Envelope of Materials Performance;

Three world-class technical conferences under one roof May 15-18



LENGTH: 936 words



DATELINE: MATERIALS PARK, Ohio April 4





MATERIALS PARK, Ohio, April 4  /PRNewswire/ -- ASM International, the Materials

Information Society, is pleased to announce "Seattle 2006," which will be held

May 15-18 at the Washington State Convention and Trade Center in Seattle.  The

event will bring together three leading technical conferences and expositions

for the first time, resulting in one of the largest gatherings -- more than

2,000 professionals -- of materials science and engineering specialists

worldwide.



The AeroMat Conference (Advanced Aerospace Materials and Processes) and the

International Surface Engineering Congress -- both sponsored by ASM

International -- will be co-located with the International Thermal Spray

Conference and Exposition, sponsored by the ASM Thermal Spray Society (TSS), the

German Welding Society (DVS) and the International Institute of Welding. To

provide maximum value, a single registration fee provides access to all three

technical programs and expositions.



"We look forward to this unique gathering of the materials science and

engineering communities," said ASM President Dr. Reza Abbaschian, Dean of the

College of Engineering at the University of California, Riverside.  "We will

discuss new developments and innovative ways to increase performance while

meeting industry's needs for lower cost, longer service life, maximum safety and

minimal impact to the environment."



"Alcoa is proud to be the host organization for AeroMat 2006," said event

chairman Dr. Roberto Rioja, Senior Technical Specialist and Technical Manager at

the Alcoa Technical Center.  "More than 250 companies and organizations will

represent every facet of the aerospace community, including materials producers

and fabricators, OEMs, government labs and university researchers."



AeroMat - Advanced Aerospace Materials and Processes Conference & Exposition



AeroMat is the premier North American conference focused exclusively on process

development and advanced aerospace materials, structures and propulsion systems.

The technical focus for the 17th AeroMat will be the integration of materials,

design and manufacturing for high-performance, low- cost aerostructures.  Topics

will include: model development and implementation for enhanced materials,

processing and performance; emerging materials and processes; high-temperature

materials; innovative hybrid structures; light alloy, titanium alloys and

welding and joining technologies; materials and processes for space

applications; nondestructive evaluation and health monitoring and prognostics;

and surface engineering for aerospace applications.



The AeroMat Plenary Speaker will be Dr. John Liu, Director of Aerospace and

Materials Technology at the Alcoa Technical Center.  In his presentation, Dr.

Liu will described advanced structural concepts for wing and fuselage

applications and large-scale test results that are fueling optimism for Advanced

Metallic and Hybrid Structures in Future Aircraft.



International Surface Engineering Congress - Practical Engineering and Science



The International Surface Engineering Congress (ISEC) focuses on practical

engineering and the science of surface treatments and coatings.  "The Congress

will offer comprehensive coverage of surface engineering, including industrial

processes, tribology, failure analysis, corrosion, bio/dental applications and

technologies at the micro- and nano-scale," said event chairman Dr. Mark

Jackson, associate professor of mechanical engineering technology at Purdue

University.



The Congress Plenary Speaker will be Prof. Allan Matthews, Professor of Surface

Engineering in the Department of Engineering Materials at the University of

Sheffield, UK, who will discuss the Role of Nanocomposite Coatings in Surface

Engineering.



International Thermal Spray Conference & Exposition - Celebrating 100 Years



The worldwide thermal spray community will celebrate 100 years of progress and

discuss future challenges and growth opportunities at the International Thermal

Spray Conference and Exposition (ITSC).



This year's event will feature a renowned gathering of industry, academic and

government experts from the field, including Plenary Speaker Dr. Malcolm C.

Thomas, Director of Materials and Mechanical Behavior at Rolls-Royce. This

year's technical session will feature coverage of applications and processes,

biomedical coatings, cold spray technologies, economic and regulatory issues,

equipment and processes, as well as modeling and simulation.



To reflect the international audience for the event, ITSC rotates annually to

locations in Europe, the Pacific Rim and North America. "Being held in Seattle

brings thermal spray, a unique surface engineering and coating technology,

closer to American aerospace manufacturers and suppliers that already apply the

technology, but organizers also look forward to bringing the benefits of thermal

spray -- namely, cost-effective resistance to wear, heat, corrosion and erosion

-- to many other industries," said event co-chairman Dr. Richard Knight,

President of the ASM Thermal Spray Society and Director of the Center for the

Plasma Processing of Materials at Drexel University.



For more information about ASM Seattle 2006, visit

http://www.asminternational.org/seattle .



  Contact:

   Rego Giovanetti

   Communications Officer

   ASM International

   440-338-5151

 rego.giovanetti@asminternational.org





CONTACT:  Rego Giovanetti, Communications Officer of ASM International,

+1-440-338-5151, or  rego.giovanetti@asminternational.org



Web site:   http://www.asminternational.org/

 http://www.asminternational.org/seattle



SOURCE ASM International, the Materials Information Society



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





