
                              819 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                              June 25, 2004 Friday



Yazaki Names New Vice Presidents



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 516 words



DATELINE: CANTON, Mich. June 25





Yazaki North America, Inc. (Yazaki), a leading supplier of vehicle power and

data solutions to the automotive industry, has named David Conrad vice

president, Logistics, from vice president, Information Technology and Tom

Blankinship vice president, Information Technology from executive director,

Engineering at S-Y Technologies.



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20010326/YAZAKILOGO )



"David and Tom bring experience, energy and sound management competencies to

each new assignment," said George R. Perry, President and CEO of Yazaki North

America, after making the announcement of their job transitions. "I'm sure that

we will see great things come out of this latest step in their career

development."



Blankinship brings 20 years of experience to his new position, having formerly

worked with GMC in the Packard Electric division, Alcoa-Fujikura, Ltd (AFL), and

both Yazaki and S-Y Technologies. After implementing the IT systems and support

functions for AFL's branch in Germany, Blankinship came to Yazaki in 2000 to

lead program management in the Ford Business Unit. Prior to becoming vice

president, Information Technology, Blankinship was the executive director of

Engineering for S-Y Technologies America, the joint corporation formed with the

merging of Yazaki's and Siemens Automotive's Ford related electrical/electronic

power and signal distribution business, in support of Ford Motor Company's

systems integration strategy.



Conrad previously worked with EWD, an automotive electrical wiring distribution

business acquired from Chrysler by Yazaki in 1994. His experience with Yazaki

includes serving as director of Forward Model Development in the Core

Engineering Research and Development department, director of e-Business, and

most recently vicepresident, Information Technology. This prior work, as well as

his participation in a year long Yazaki global training program in Japan, will

prove beneficial to his new position where his responsibilities include

management of the component and finished goods warehousing, production control,

transportation, customs and packaging for Yazaki's North America Headquarters

Campus in Canton, as well as for the Yazaki wire harness affiliate in El Paso,

Texas. Additionally, Conrad will maintain his role as Yazaki's Corporate

Compliance Officer.



Yazaki Corporation is a global leader in the research, development and delivery

of vehicle power and data solutions, as well as advanced electronic technologies

for vehicle applications. Yazaki produces electrical distribution systems, fiber

optics, advanced networking products, instrumentations, solid state power

centers, connection systems and electronics. Worldwide, the company employs over

151,377 people in 37 countries, 1,500 of whom are based in the company's North

American headquarters and research center campus in Canton, Michigan. For more

information on Yazaki, log onto http://www.yazaki-na.com .



SOURCE Yazaki North America, Inc.



CONTACT: Brandon Dent of Yazaki North America, Inc., +1-734-983-1104; or

Michelle Zdrodowski, +1-313-567-5017, for Yazaki North America, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO AUTO AND BUSINESS EDITORS



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





