aa,PR Newswire,20100126,11:26,332011
                              330 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     January 26, 2010 Tuesday 11:26 AM EST



NewsGator Sponsors Influential Enterprise 2.0 User Group Initiatives;

Eagerly anticipated webinars and privacy research to advance best practices in

social computing



LENGTH: 737 words



DATELINE: DENVER, Jan. 26





DENVER, Jan. 26 /PRNewswire/ -- NewsGator, the company making SharePoint social,

today announced it will sponsor two key initiatives for The 2.0 Adoption

Council:



A four-week webinar series providing guidance on Enterprise 2.0 adoptionAn

upcoming research report on European Privacy Concerns.



The 2.0 Adoption Council is a member-driven peer forum of social computing

champions from large organizations implementing Enterprise 2.0.



"The initiatives NewsGator is supporting will provide fresh new insights and

perspectives from which all of our members can benefit," said The 2.0 Adoption

Council founder Susan Scrupski. "We're grateful for NewsGator's participation in

the development of this important content and the growth of our organization. As

an established provider of enterprise social computing solutions to large

organizations, NewsGator is a welcome addition to our early supporters."



Enterprise 2.0 is a rapidly emerging industry. Spending is projected to reach

$4.6 billion by 2013 according to Forrester Research. The 2.0 Adoption Council,

founded in June 2009, already has more than 100 member organizations

representing over 10,000 employees each. The 2.0 Adoption Council members

represent companies such as Alcoa, Booz Allen Hamilton, Alcatel-Lucent,

Allstate, Corning, CSC, Disney, Eli Lilly, EMC Corp., General Mills, IBM,

International Paper, Lowe's Companies, MetLife, Merck, Nokia, SAP, Schlumberger

and Wells Fargo.



The Webinar Series will take place in consecutive weeks beginning in late

January 2010 and will consist of:



January 28th: Webinar #1: Social Computing Adoption in the Enterprise "the

Before" - Learn how to best develop the business case, gain buy-in, select

technology and establish the team.February 4th: Webinar #2: Social Computing

Adoption in the Enterprise "the After" -Gather best practices on implementation,

policy formation, training, and community management.February 11th: Webinar #3:

Enterprise 2.0 Case Study.February 18th: Webinar #4: A second Enterprise 2.0

Case Study.



To register, visit NewsGator's website.



The other initiative NewsGator is sponsoring for The 2.0 Adoption Council is the

European Union Privacy Concerns research report, to be released in March 2010,

which will investigate the competing issues between European privacy regulations

and the importance of transparency in social computing. The report will examine

policy, law, technology, governance and compliance, drawing from one-on-one

interviews with Council members and data privacy professionals. Council research

partner Information Architected will conduct the research and prepare the

report.



"With Enterprise 2.0 now far beyond the 'pro' or 'con' stage, we're helping to

conduct important work for the future: determining best practices in execution

and ensuring positive results," said NewsGator Vice President of Marketing Laura

Farrelly. "The industry in general and our customers in particular - some of

whom are Council members - are following the Council's activities very closely,

and we're excited to be a part of it."



About The 2.0 Adoption Council



The 2.0 Adoption Council is a member-driven peer forum of business and IT

leaders from large organizations intent on sharing Web 2.0 experiences,

examining business implications, learning from peers as well as capturing value

from the emergent, unstructured data associated with Enterprise 2.0. The

objective is to gain practical insights on innovative business practices using

2.0 tools, processes and strategies for cost efficiencies during challenging

economic times, as well as leveraging agility for competitive advantage. Basic

membership is free to charter members. www.20adoptioncouncil.com



About NewsGator Technologies, Inc.



NewsGator Technologies helps enterprises leverage social computing to deliver

real business value. The company's enterprise social networking products are

used by the world's most recognized brands, including Novartis, Biogen Idec,

Edelman, Federal Reserve Bank, The United States Army, and The United States Air

Force. NewsGator Social Sites and Tomoye Ecco give organizations better ways to

innovate, collaborate, manage knowledge, develop new employees and improve

productivity. For more information, visit www.newsgator.com.



SOURCE NewsGator Technologies, Inc.







CONTACT:Laura Farrelly, NewsGator, +1-303-552-2046, lauraf(at)newsgator(dot)com;

or Ed Marshall, Beaupre, +1-603-559-5816, emarshall(at)beaupre(dot)com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





