aa,PR Newswire,20110908,10:30,331865
                              184 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                    September 8, 2011 Thursday 10:30 AM EST



News Corporation Appears on Gimme Credit's New Investment Grade Top Ten



LENGTH: 347 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK, Sept. 8, 2011





Gimme Credit, the leading independent corporate bond research firm, announced

today its semi-annual Investment Grade Top Ten. "The recent spread widening in

investment grade corporates offers investors an excellent opportunity to pick

and choose among credits, as most names were hit to some extent," says Carol

Levenson, co-founder and director of research of Gimme Credit. "We've chosen ten

issuers we believe, by virtue of their strong credit profiles and stable

outlooks, will outperform the broad corporate market over the next six months."



The list covers a wide range of industries, from banking to media to energy,

including such household names as Alcoa and Altria. "Probably the most

controversial pick, given its 'headline risk,' is News Corporation," continues

Levenson.



"Despite the negative headlines, widespread resentment, and overall disgust

related to the alleged phone hacking scandal, the financial impact on News

Corporation should be well contained," says Dave Novosel senior investment grade

analyst. "The financial outlook remains bright, as increasing retransmission and

affiliate fees should drive margins higher, while pushing leverage lower."



The complete Top Ten report is available upon request. For additional comment

from Gimme Credit analysts please direct requests to Susan Assadi

sassadi@gimmecredit.com



About Gimme Credit:



Gimme Credit is a leading provider of independent corporate bond research to

banks, brokers, hedge funds, investment managers and individual investors. The

company provides Daily Research Reports with investment recommendations,

Intraday Comments, Credit Scores and Analyst Data Sheets on investment grade,

crossover, and high yield corporate bonds to thousands of investment

professionals at hundreds of financial institutions worldwide. Gimme Credit was

founded in 1994 and has offices in New York and Chicago. For more information

see www.gimmecredit.com.



Press Contact: Susan Assadi or Angela Jamison

Sassadi@gimmecredit.com or angela@assadi.com

Gitenstein & Assadi Public Relations 800-922-8792 or 480-860-8792



SOURCE Gimme Credit



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





