
                              837 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                             March 29, 2004 Monday



Beaubois Selects Solid Edge(R) From UGS PLM Solutions for Computer-Aided Design

of High-Tech Woodworking Products;

Ease and Speed of 3D Modeling Combined With Built-In Design Management Cited in

Selection By Canadian Company



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 1163 words



DATELINE: PLANO, Texas and SAINTGEORGES, Quebec March 29





UGS PLM Solutions, the product lifecycle management (PLM) subsidiary of EDS

(NYSE: EDS), today announced that its Solid Edge(R) computer-aided design (CAD)

software system has been selected by Canadian high-tech woodworking manufacturer

Beaubois. The Quebec-based manufacturer purchased 35 licenses of Solid Edge to

design architectural woodwork and custom furniture across multiple market

segments.



"We needed to design faster and more productively but were limited by our 2D

system," said Francois Lacombe, General Manager of Beaubois. "Solid Edge

delivers a competitive advantage by shortening time to market and allowing us to

design more complex products faster and easier which helps us expand into new

markets."



Beaubois produces custom woodwork for buildings and is often contacted for a bid

in the middle of construction of a project, dramatically decreasing the time it

has to deliver its product. Hampered by its slow 2D design system, the company

decided to move to 3D solid modeling and initiated a detailed evaluation of CAD

alternatives that resulted in the selection of Solid Edge, from among three

finalists, as the most effective solution for their business needs.



Beaubois also cited Solid Edge's built-in design management called Insight. "We

already will be creating drawings faster by first modeling the product in 3D,"

Lacombe said. "With Insight, we also will be able to more easily share drawings

with the building architects who will now be able to very quickly review them

through view and markup tools."



Lacombe also cited the ability to use 3D data created in Solid Edge directly

within the CNC routers at Beaubois as an added bonus. This reuse of data frees

time and expense expended by personnel who previously had to program the routers

in the manufacturing plant.



Mobius Technologies, a certified Solid Edge value-added reseller located in

St-Romuald, Quebec will support Beaubois.



"Mobius Technologies proposed the most realistic and complete approach to our

needs and demonstrated an ability to understand our industry and support our

work," said Lacombe.



The Solution



Solid Edge (www.solidedge.com ) from UGS PLM Solutions is powerful 3D CAD

software that allows manufacturing companies to Design with Insight and achieve

competitive advantage through cost reduction, while increasing top line

revenues. The exclusive Solid Edge Insight technology embeds design management

capabilities directly within CAD, providing insight into design intent to the

entire organization and enhancing collaboration. Insight, complemented by Solid

Edge's superior core modeling and process workflows, greatly eases the design of

increasingly complex products required to meet continually changing market

demands. The extensive Solid Edge user community is comprised of designers at

thousands of companies worldwide, including Alcoa, NEC Engineering, and Volvo.

The Solid Edge Voyager Program includes 200 integrated engineering software

applications and computer hardware solutions.



About Beaubois



With a portfolio of more than 1,000 projects completed since its founding in

1977, Beaubois (www.beaubois.ca ) stands out from its competition in the field

of architectural woodwork in Canada and the United States. Beaubois

(Saint-Georges, Qc, Canada). The firm invests annually in the continuing

professional development of its 200 employees, improvements to its plant of

160,000 sq. ft. and the purchase of state-of-the-art equipment. The firm's focus

on excellence is recognized by the AWI's Quality Certification Program, which

gave Beaubois a perfect mark in October 2003. The company is also ISO 9001:2000

certified and this guarantees that Beaubois' clients will always benefit from

its steadfast commitment to process improvements. The company specializes in

architectural woodwork and custom-made furniture for various sectors, such as

institutional, recreational, cultural, educational and commercial. Among the

contracts in progress are: Bronx Criminal Courthouse, New York; Harris County

Courthouse, Houston, Texas; Solano County Government Center, Fairfield,

California and Salem State College Residence Hall, Salem, Mass.



About UGS PLM Solutions



UGS PLM Solutions, a leader in product data management, collaboration and

product design software and services with 42,000 clients and more than 2.8

million seats of technology operating in the market, is the product lifecycle

management (PLM) subsidiary of EDS. The company works collaboratively with its

clients to create solutions enabling them to transform their process of

innovation and thus begin to capture the promise of PLM. The integration of the

former operations of companies including Structural Dynamics Research

Corporation (SDRC), Engineering Animation Inc. (EAI) and UGS, UGS PLM Solutions

has created some of the leading design, collaboration and product data

management technologies that ultimately formed the foundation of the PLM

industry. Today, the company is a family of one, building on three decades of

leadership in continuing to be a pioneer in PLM. For more information on UGS PLM

Solutions products and services, visit www.ugsplm.com or www.eds.com .



About EDS



EDS, the world's most experienced outsourcing services company, delivers

superior returns to clients through its cost-effective, high-value services

model. EDS' core portfolio comprises information-technology and business process

outsourcing services, as well as information-technology transformation services.

EDS' two complementary, subsidiary businesses are A.T. Kearney, one of the

world's leading high-value management consultancies, and UGS PLM Solutions, a

leader in product data management, collaboration and product design software.

With 2003 revenue of $21.5 billion, EDS is ranked 87th on the Fortune 500. The

company's stock is traded on the New York and London stock exchanges. Learn more

at www.eds.com .



Note to editors: Solid Edge is a registered trademark of UGS PLM Solution Inc.

or its subsidiaries in the United States and in other countries. All other

trademarks, registered trademarks or service marks belong to their respective

holders.



The statements in this news release that are not historical statements,

including statements regarding the amount of new contract values, are forward-

looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These

statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are

beyond EDS' control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from

such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see

EDS' most recent Form 10-Q. EDS disclaims any intention or obligation to update

or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new

information, future events or otherwise.



CONTACTS:

     Mike Paludan - UGS PLM Solutions

     256-705-2544

     mike.paludan@ugsplm.com



SOURCE UGS PLM Solutions



CONTACT: Mike Paludan of UGS PLM Solutions, +1-256-705-2544, or

mike.paludan@ugsplm.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS AND TECHNOLOGY EDITORS



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





