aa,PR Newswire,20081023,11:00,332150
                              469 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     October 23, 2008 Thursday 3:00 PM GMT



Vinimaya Customer UPMC Presenting at ProcureCon 2008;

UPMC-Univ. of Pittsburgh Medical Central to Showcase 'Lights Out' Purchasing in

the Health Care Market



LENGTH: 508 words



DATELINE: SHELTON, Conn. Oct. 23





SHELTON, Conn., Oct. 23 /PRNewswire/ -- Vinimaya, the leading provider of next

generation E-Procurement Catalog and B2B Shopping Solutions, has announced that

one of its customers -- University of Pittsburgh Medical Center (UPMC) -- will

be a keynote presenter at ProcureCon 2008.



In their presentation titled, "Accelerating Supplier Enablement to Drive 'Lights

Out' Procurement," James A. Szilagy, Chief Supply Chain Officer, UPMC, and

Michael DeLuca, Director, Supply Chain Systems & Consulting Services, UPMC, will

be discussing how they successfully deployed Vinimaya's SmartSearch Catalog

solution with their PeopleSoft Enterprise eProcurement system to create a

company-wide, fully automated, self-service purchasing environment.



UPMC is one of the country's largest integrated health care enterprises, with $7

billion in revenue and 50,000 employees, and has been widely recognized for its

innovations in health care supply chain management. Through its wholly owned

unit -- Prodigo Solutions LLC -- UPMC holds a license to market e-procurement

solutions from Vinimaya to other health care providers.



SmartSearch Catalog is based on Vinimaya's patent-pending SmartSearch Agent(TM)

technology platform, and allows users to search and shop directly from

suppliers' web sites, industry marketplaces, catalog aggregators and supplier

networks; as well as their internal catalog database, all from a single user

interface, thereby creating their own virtual supplier network, without ever

leaving their e-procurement system. SmartSearch Catalog is compatible with all

leading e-procurement systems such as Ariba Buyer, Oracle iProcurement,

PeopleSoft Enterprise eProcurement and SAP SRM/EBP among others.



ProcureCon is considered one of the industry's most comprehensive strategic

sourcing and procurement conferences. Vinimaya, along with industry leaders

Co-Exprise, American Express, Archstone Consulting and AT Kearney, are

sponsoring the event, which is being held November 10-12 at the JW Marriott in

Las Vegas.



About Vinimaya



Vinimaya, Inc. is a privately held software solutions company that provides

innovative E-Procurement Catalog and B2B Shopping Solutions for both buyers and

suppliers based on their patent-pending Vinimaya SmartSearch Agent(TM)

technology platform. Vinimaya products are 100% compatible with systems from

Ariba, SAP, Oracle and PeopleSoft among others and are used by global companies

such as Alcoa, 3M, Corning, EDS, Sunoco, Cooper Industries, UPMC and Agilent

Technologies to simplify e-procurement and drive long awaited benefits. For more

information, please visit http://www.vinimaya.com/ , email sales@vinimaya.com or

call 888-618-8634.



"Vinimaya," "Vinimaya SmartSearch Catalog," "Vinimaya SmartSearch Agents,"

"VISN," "Virtual Internet Supplier Network," are registered trademarks of

Vinimaya, Inc. All other product and company names listed may be the trademarks

of their respective owners.



CONTACT: Leonard Lee of Vinimaya, Inc., +1-612-670-3445,

 llee@vinimaya.com



Web site: http://www.vinimaya.com/



SOURCE Vinimaya



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





