aa,PR Newswire,20051220,17:15,332405
                              724 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     December 20, 2005 Tuesday 10:15 PM GMT



L. Patrick Hassey, Allegheny Technologies Chairman, Elected to Ryder Board of

Directors



LENGTH: 785  words



DATELINE: MIAMI Dec. 20





Ryder System, Inc.(NYSE:R), a global leader in transportation and supply chain

management solutions, announced today that L. Patrick Hassey, Chairman,

President and Chief Executive Officer of Allegheny Technologies

Incorporated(NYSE:ATI), has been elected to its Board of Directors. Allegheny

Technologies is one of the largest and most diversified specialty metals

producers in the world. The appointment of Mr. Hassey brings the number of

directors on Ryder's board to 11, all of whom are independent other than Ryder

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Greg Swienton.



"Pat is a proven leader with more than 35 years of broad international

experience in manufacturing, engineered products, marketing and sales," said Mr.

Swienton. "His career also includes extensive work in key sectors such as

aerospace, automotive, industrial machinery and distribution. We believe Pat's

industry knowledge combined with his experience as chief executive of a leading

industrial supplier of specialty materials will enhance Ryder's ability to

deliver high value to customers and shareholders."



Mr. Hassey became President and Chief Executive Officer of Allegheny

Technologies in October 2003 and was elected Chairman in May 2004. Prior to

joining Allegheny Technologies, Mr. Hassey had served as an outside management

consultant to Allegheny Technologies' executive management. Earlier, he served

as Executive Vice President and a member of the corporate executive committee at

Alcoa, Inc. until the time of his early retirement in February 2003.



Commenting on his appointment, Mr. Hassey said, "Ryder is a well established

brand that has intensified its focus over the past few years to deliver

consistently higher earnings. I look forward to working with fellow members of

the board and Ryder's management to build on these foundations and expand its

long-term growth potential."



Mr. Hassey is a graduate of California State University at Long Beach and

attended the University of Southern California MBA Program.



About Ryder



Ryder is a Fortune 500 company providing leading-edge transportation, logistics

and supply chain management solutions worldwide. Ryder's stock(NYSE:R)is a

component of the Dow Jones Transportation Average and the Standard & Poor's 500

Index. For more information about Ryder System, Inc., visit

http://www.ryder.com/ .



Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: Certain statements and information

included in this presentation are "forward-looking statements" under the Federal

Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Accordingly, these

forward-looking statements should be evaluated with consideration given to the

many risks and uncertainties inherent in our business that could cause actual

results and events to differ materially from those in the forward-looking

statements. Important factors that could cause such differences include, among

others, our ability to obtain adequate profit margins for our services, our

inability to maintain current pricing levels due to customer acceptance or

competition, customer retention levels, unexpected volume declines, loss of key

customers in the Supply Chain Solutions (SCS) business segment, unexpected

reserves or write-offs due to the deterioration of the credit worthiness or

bankruptcy of certain customers in our SCS business segment, the possibility

that changes in customers' business environments will limit their ability to

commit to long-term vehicle leases, changes in market conditions affecting the

commercial rental market or the sale of used vehicles, increased competition

from vehicle manufacturers and large service providers, higher borrowing costs

and possible decreases in available funding sources caused by adverse changes in

debt ratings, changes in accounting assumptions, adequacy of accounting

accruals, changes in general economic conditions, unexpected reserves or losses

due to the effects of recent hurricanes on our operations and the economy,

increases in fuel prices, availability of qualified drivers, our ability to

manage our cost structure and changes in government regulations, including

regulations regarding vehicle emissions. The risks included here are not

exhaustive. New risks emerge from time to time and it is not possible for

management to predict all such risk factors or to assess the impact of such

risks on our business. Accordingly, we undertake no obligation to publicly

update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new

information, future events, or otherwise.



CONTACT: Lisa Brumfield, +1-305-500-3668, or Lisa_Brumfield@Ryder.com ,or David

Bruce, +1-305-500-4999, or David_Bruce@Ryder.com , both of Ryder



Web site: http://www.ryder.com/



SOURCE Ryder System, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





