
                              829 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                            April 14, 2004 Wednesday



IMCO Board Names Richard L. Kerr as Interim President and CEO to Replace Don V.

Ingram;

John E. Balkcom Named Chairman



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 583 words



DATELINE: IRVING, Texas April 14





IMCO Recycling Inc. (NYSE: IMR) announced today that Richard L. Kerr, Executive

Vice President and President, Aluminum Operations, age 61, has been appointed by

the company's Board of Directors to serve as interim President and Chief

Executive Officer. Mr. Kerr replaces Don V. Ingram, age 68, who has left the

company. Additionally, Board member John E. Balkcom, age 56, was named Chairman

of the Board.



The company also announced that the Board has established a search committee and

will engage an executive search firm to identify qualified candidates to fill

the position of CEO.



Additionally, the company reaffirmed its projection that the results of the

First Quarter 2004 will exceed the results of the first quarter of the previous

year, as previously stated on February 2, 2004.



Mr. Kerr said, "I am looking forward to serving as IMCO's interim President and

CEO. I am committed to continuing to provide our customers with superior

customer service and products of the highest quality."



Mr. Balkcom thanked Mr. Kerr for taking this leadership position: "Richard

Kerr's experience and proven track record make him the ideal person to lead IMCO

during this transition period."



Mr. Kerr has been an employee of the company since 1984 and served as President

and Chief Operating Officer from 1987 to 2000. He was previously employed for 15

years by Alcoa Inc. where he held key operating management positions at

production facilities and corporate headquarters. A graduate of the University

of Tennessee, he served as an officer in the U.S. Air Force and attained the

rank of Captain. Mr. Kerr served as chairman of The Aluminum Association from

1999 to 2001.

    Mr. Balkcom was appointed to the company's Board in December 2003. Mr.

Balkcom was president of St. John's College from 2000 to 2003 after serving in

early 2000 as adjunct professor of economics at the University of Chicago's

Graduate School of Business. Earlier in his career, Mr. Balkcom was principal of

Sibson & Company, Chicago, a human capital consulting firm where he was an

advisor to chief executive officers and boards of directors of both publicly

owned and nonprofit organizations. Mr. Balkcom received an A.B. degree cum laude

from Princeton University and also earned an M.B.A. degree from the University

of Chicago's Graduate School of Business and an M.A. degree from St. John's

College.



IMCO Recycling Inc. is one of the world's largest recyclers of aluminum and

zinc. The company has 21 U.S. production plants and five international

facilities located in Brazil, Germany, Mexico and Wales. IMCO Recycling's

headquarters office is in Irving, Texas.



SAFE HARBOR REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS



Forward-looking statements made in this news release are made pursuant to the

safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

These statements include statements regarding estimated first quarter 2004 net

earnings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve

risks and uncertainties, and that actual results could differ materially from

those described therein. These risks and uncertainties would include, without

limitation, risks listed in the company's filings with the Securities and

Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the report on Form 10-K for

the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003, particularly the sections entitled

"Risk Factors" contained therein.



SOURCE IMCO Recycling Inc.



CONTACT: Paul V. Dufour, +1-972-401-7391, for IMCO Recycling Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS EDITOR



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





