aa,PR Newswire,20110928,13:57,331857
                              176 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                    September 28, 2011 Wednesday 1:57 PM EST



IABC/Pittsburgh 2011 Business Communicator of the Year to be Honored at 32nd

Annual Golden Triangle Awards



LENGTH: 680 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH, Sept. 28, 2011





Alison Conte, president of IABC/Pittsburgh, announced today that Katie McSorley,

president, Mid-Atlantic, Euro RSCG Worldwide PR will receive the 2011 Business

Communicator of the Year Award at IABC/Pittsburgh's 32nd Golden Triangle Awards

on October 6.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110722/NE40233LOGO )



The event will take place at the DoubleTree Hotel and Suites, Pittsburgh City

Center, starting at 5:30 p.m. with a cash bar, dinner at 6:30 p.m., followed

immediately by the award presentations. This year's emcee is Paul Alexander, a

veteran sportscaster with Pittsburgh radio and television stations, now covering

the Penguins and Pirates for Root Sports.



The event is open to the public and reservations can be made at

www.iabcpittsburgh.com.



"2011 has been a great year for Katie," said Alison. "She was recently promoted

to president, Mid-Atlantic for the national agency, Euro RSCG Worldwide PR; she

led the Pittsburgh office to earn the designation as the #1 PR firm in

Pittsburgh by Pittsburgh Business Times for the third year in a row; and she

spearheaded an effort to put Pittsburgh in the international spotlight in 2012."



Katie's agency career spans more than 25 years with Euro RSCG Worldwide PR and

its predecessor agencies, Magnet Communications and Creamer Dickson Basford. She

has been immersed in developing initiatives for companies, including Bayer,

Transitions Optical, Inc. Emerson, Nestle, PPG Industries, Alcoa, U.S. Steel,

Johnson & Johnson, PerkinElmer, Carrier and Kaldewei.



In her nomination of Katie, Ellen Wein, vice president, Euro RSCG Worldwide PR,

wrote, "Those who Katie communicates with consistently regard her as a trusted

advisor, partner and advocate."



This year, Katie led the effort to bring One Young World, an international youth

summit and Euro RSCG initiative, to Pittsburgh in 2012 by forming a "One Young

World Pittsburgh Partnership" - a coalition of corporations and community

non-profits - to submit an official bid for the opportunity. The One Young World

Pittsburgh Partnership was successful in its pursuit, and Pittsburgh was

selected to host the summit in 2012.



"Pittsburgh is lucky to have Katie in her role," said Steven E. Sokol,

president, World Affairs Council of Pittsburgh, in his letter of support for

Katie's nomination. "Our city's position as one of two final bid cities for the

2012 One Young World summit was in no small part to Katie's tenacity and skill

at communicating across a variety of divisions."



Katie has also continued to offer her communication and business skills to the

community through involvement in the University of Pittsburgh Career Institute

Advisory Council; and has served on the boards of the Parental Stress Center,

Arthritis Foundation and American Heart Association.



Previous IABC/Pittsburgh Business Communicator of the Year winners have been



Dr. Carol Utay, Executive Director, Total Learning Centers, Inc.Michael L. Koff,

senior manager Corporate Communications & Government Affairs (retired), Sony

Electronics Inc.Robert O'Gara, Professor and Director of the Integrated

Marketing Communications Program at Point Park UniversityGregory S. Babe,

president and CEO of Bayer MaterialScience LLCRobert Hill, vice chancellor for

public affairs at the University of PittsburghDebra Foster, vice president of

corporate communication of H.J. Heinz Company Rose Gabbianelli, senior vice

president and director of corporate affairs for Mellon Financial Corporation.



IABC/Pittsburgh is the local chapter of IABC, the International Association of

Business Communicators. IABC/Pittsburgh members share their talents, provide

networking opportunities and participate in educational events to sharpen their

skills. The chapter also sponsors programs of interest open to all professional

communicators who work in public relations, marketing, employee communications,

community relations, government affairs and related disciplines. To learn more

visit www.iabcpittsburgh.com.



PR Newswire is the official newswire of IABC/Pittsburgh.



SOURCE IABC/Pittsburgh







CONTACT:Christina Wetzel, +1-412-456-4301



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





