aa,PR Newswire,20121114,9:31,331694
                              13 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                    November 14, 2012 Wednesday 9:31 AM EST



Keep America Beautiful Announces Recycling Pledge Inviting Businesses and

Governments to Commit to 10% Increase in Workplace Recycling



LENGTH: 750 words



DATELINE: STAMFORD, Conn., Nov. 14, 2012





Recycling at Work Initiative Launched on America Recycles Day (Nov. 15); Links

to 2012 Clinton Global Initiative Commitment



Keep America Beautiful, the nation's leading nonprofit that brings people

together to build and sustain vibrant communities, is challenging corporate

America and government to sign up for its Recycling at Work pledge. The pledge

requires businesses, governments and institutional entities - such as school and

hospitals - to commit to a 10 percent increase in the recycling of paper

products, beverage containers, electronics and batteries in the workplace

through a variety of actions by 2015. It also encourages the recycling of food

waste and other biodegradables.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20121114/DC12613LOGO )



This Thursday, Nov. 15, marks America Recycles Day (ARD), which is a Keep

America Beautiful (KAB) initiative and the only national platform for

community-driven recycling awareness, education and collection events. From

electronics collection events to plastic bag and campaign sign recycling,

thousands of events are taking place throughout the country in recognition of

ARD.



"The environmental impact from recycling remains critically important as a

measure of sustainable economies and vibrant communities," said Matt McKenna,

KAB president and chief executive officer. "To increase our national municipal

recycling rate from its current 34 percent level, the increase will come less

from national initiatives and more from locally-driven efforts. Engaging

individuals to take the action to recycle at home, at work and at play is the

linchpin to increasing recycling rates."



The Recycling at Work pledge requires these entities to take the pledge on

AmericaRecyclesDay.org, and report on actions taken to increase recycling and

the results of those actions. KAB will compile the data and issue a

comprehensive report in 2015, fulfilling its commitment made in partnership with

Alcoa (NYSE:AA) and the Alcoa Foundation at the 2012 Clinton Global Initiative

Annual Meeting in New York City.



Recycling at Work's 2015 goal will be achieved through a series of approaches

that include:





Increasing employee awareness of the availability of recyclable services and

benefits of recycling in offices and other facilities; Enhancing infrastructure

and communications to enable greater recycling and diversion of the materials in

offices and other facilities; Identifying cost-effective opportunities to

incorporate consideration of end-of-life recyclability and increased recycled

content into the products purchased; Reporting on progress each year through the

Recycling at Work online system; and, Inviting other organizations to take the

Recycling at Work pledge.



"Recycling is participatory environmentalism," McKenna said. "Poll after poll

shows that individuals identify the act of recycling as their most immediate,

tangible, and visible contribution to a better environment."



Whether the consequence of the act of recycling is visible, such as the

observable effect of less littering, almost all recyclers know that their

actions are saving natural resources, reducing energy consumption, and

sustaining our planet for future generations.



America's leading companies are proud to make America Recycles Day possible.

National sponsors to date include: American Chemistry Council , Anheuser-Busch ,

Earth911.com , Glad , Johnson & Johnson , Nestle Waters North America ,

Owens-Illinois , PepsiCo and Waste Management .



About Keep America Beautiful, Inc.

Keep America Beautiful is the nation's leading nonprofit that brings people

together to build and sustain vibrant communities. With a network of more than

1,200 affiliate and participating organizations including state recycling

organizations, we work with millions of volunteers to take action in their

communities. Keep America Beautiful offers solutions that create clean,

beautiful public places, reduce waste and increase recycling, generate positive

impact on local economies and inspire generations of environmental stewards.

Through our programs and public-private partnerships, we engage individuals to

take greater responsibility for improving their community's environment. For

more information, visit http://www.kab.org . To join America Recycles Day, visit

http://americarecyclesday.org .



CONTACTS

Brenda Pulley/ Lynn Markley

Tel: 202.688.0603 / 203.659.3072

Email: bpulley@kab.org / lmarkley@kab.org

Web site: http://americarecyclesday.org / http://www.kab.org/



SOURCE Keep America Beautiful, Inc.



LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





