
                              788 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                             January 7, 2005 Friday



Almatis Donates 25,000 Euro to Aid Children in Tsunami-Devastated Countries



LENGTH: 247 words



DATELINE: FRANKFURT, Germany January 7





FRANKFURT, Germany, January 7  /PRNewswire/ -- Almatis today announced that it

has donated 25,000 Euro (33,175 US Dollar) to UNICEF to support the

organization's efforts to aid children in tsunami-struck countries. The

supported relief priorities of UNICEF include: keeping children alive by

providing medical care, clean water, adequate sanitation, and basic nutrition;

caring for separated children; protecting the children from exploitation; and

getting them back in school as quickly as possible.



"In life in general it's essential to look ahead and to embrace the future. In

times like this it's vital. We want the children in the devastated coastal areas

in Asia to have a better future to look forward to", comments Oscar Groomes, CEO

of Almatis.



About Almatis



Almatis is the global leader in full-line, high performance specialty alumina

products. With about 900 employees in eleven locations worldwide, the company's

products are used in a wide variety of industries, including steel production,

cement production, petrochemicals, non-ferrous metal production, plastics,

paper, ceramics, carpet manufacturing and electronic industries. Formerly known

as Alcoa World Chemicals, Almatis was acquired earlier this year by Rhone

Capital as a majority shareholder and Teachers' Private Capital.



http://www.almatis.com/



CONTACT:  For more information please contact: Almatis GmbH: Andreas

Puetz, Telephone: +49-(0)69-95-73-41-28, E-Mail:

 andreas.puetz@almatis.com



SOURCE Almatis GmbH



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





