aa,PR Newswire,20111013,9:30,331850
                              169 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     October 13, 2011 Thursday 9:30 AM EST



The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Alcoa, J.P. Morgan, Pepsi, Netflix and

Hewlett-Packard



LENGTH: 942 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, Oct. 13, 2011





Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day

the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting

stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include:

Alcoa (NYSE: AA), J.P. Morgan , Pepsi (NYSE: PEP), Netflix and Hewlett-Packard

(NYSE: HPQ).



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



Get the most recent insight from Zacks Equity Research with the free Profit from

the Pros newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5513



Here are highlights from Wednesday's Analyst Blog:



Market in Wait & See Mode



With nothing major on the economic calendar today, the market will likely remain

in a wait-and-see mode for the earnings season to unfold. We had a fairly

disappointing start to this reporting cycle on Tuesday, but no one is reading

too much into Alcoa's (NYSE: AA) results. We have a handful of reports today,

but it is still early-going on the earnings front. By the end of next week, we

should have a good idea of how this season is unfolding.



It is heartening to see that the market is able to see through the Slovak

parliamentary failure and wait instead for the release of bank recapitalization

rules from Germany and France later this month. A successful plan for

ring-fencing the European banking sector will go a long way towards bringing

down the heightened contagion fears.



These fears, combined with a host of other issues, have been weighing on the

financial services sector's fortunes for some time. And as if the going wasn't

tough enough for the industry already, the announcement yesterday by U.S.

regulators of the details of the long-awaited restrictions on proprietary

trading, known as the Volcker Rule, adds to its woes. The new restrictions don't

come into effect till July 2012, but are aimed at reducing the industry's risk

profile. It will nevertheless have a material impact on the profitability of

firms like J.P. Morgan (NYSE: JPM).



Estimates for the profitability impact of the new rule vary, but could be in

excess of $2 billion in revenue loss for the major firms. That is a non-trivial

amount given all profitability headwinds the industry is faced with at present.

We are seeing evidence of those headwinds in earnings expectations for the

financial services industry, which have come down the most of any other sector

the last month or so.



As would be expected, the industry is against the Volcker Rule and trying hard

to soften it up. My personal disdain for excessive regulation notwithstanding, I

am not opposed to the Volcker Rule. It is better to be safe than sorry, and we

all remember how sorry things had become in the fall of 2008.



On the earnings front, Alcoa dropped the ball once again, coming short of

expectations. This is not an encouraging start to the third quarter reporting

cycle, but Alcoa's results practically tell us nothing about what to expect from

the rest of the pack. In other earnings releases this morning, Pepsi (NYSE: PEP)

came ahead of EPS expectations by a penny on a solid revenue beat. The company

did not provide firm guidance for 2012, but reiterated to the keep snacks and

beverages firm integrated.



We have seen quite a few strategic flip-flops from corporate America in recent

days. Netflix's (Nasdaq: NFLX) recent moves are tailor made for business school

case studies of what not to do. There is also word that tech titan

Hewlett-Packard is having second thoughts about shedding its PC business, as

well.



Want more from Zacks Equity Research? Subscribe to the free Profit from the Pros

newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5515.



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded stocks.

Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest

analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today:

http://at.zacks.com/?id=5517



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leon Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in stock

market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his many

accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system; the

Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1 margin.

The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market insights

of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit

from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to

be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros

at http://at.zacks.com/?id=5518.



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?re

f=ts



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Media Contact

Zacks Investment Research

800-767-3771 ext. 9339

support@zacks.com

http://www.zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





