
                              812 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                            August 12, 2004 Thursday



IMCO Recycling and Commonwealth Industries Announce Executive Retirements as

Well as Appointments Following Proposed Merger



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 1372 words



DATELINE: IRVING, Texas Aug. 12





IMCO Recycling Inc. (NYSE: IMR) and Commonwealth Industries, Inc. (Nasdaq: CMIN)

today announced the planned retirements of two executives and the appointments

of several others who will assume positions in the company to be formed if

IMCO's and Commonwealth's proposal to merge receives the necessary stockholder

and regulatory approvals.



The proposed merger is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2004.



On June 17 it was announced that Steven J. Demetriou, president and chief

executive officer and a director of Commonwealth, would become chairman and

chief executive officer of the merged company. Today he said that Richard L.

Kerr, president and chief executive officer of IMCO, has decided to retire when

the merger closes. Mr. Demetriou said that Mr. Kerr, 61 years old, "has worked

in the aluminum industry for 35 years and has been instrumental in the

development and growth of IMCO. He has served as chairman of The Aluminum

Association and his important contributions to the industry are well known. We

look forward to an ongoing relationship with Dick."



Prior to joining IMCO, Mr. Kerr worked for Alcoa in several key management

positions. He joined IMCO in 1984 when the company had one processing plant and

held increasingly responsible executive positions as the company grew through

acquisitions and internal expansion. It now operates a total of 26 facilities in

the U.S. and abroad.



He said, "I'm confident that the proposed merger is the best course of action

for the stockholders and employees of both companies, and I'm pleased to have

had the opportunity to help lead, develop and implement this combination."

    In addition, Mr. Demetriou said that Paul V. Dufour, 65 years old and

executive vice president and chief financial officer of IMCO, also has decided

to retire when the merger closes. "Paul has played a strategic role in the

leadership of IMCO and has managed its financial and administrative affairs

since its formation over 17 years ago," Mr. Demetriou said.



As previously announced, Chris Clegg will be general counsel and Mike Friday

will be chief financial officer of the merged company. Messrs. Clegg and Friday

will report to Mr. Demetriou.



The following individuals have been named to lead the merged company's operating

business units reporting to Mr. Demetriou.



- John J. Wasz will continue as president of the aluminum fabricating

       business unit.

     - Joseph M. Byers, currently senior vice president, aluminum commercial

       for IMCO, will become president of the recycling and alloys business

       unit.

     - Barry K. Hamilton, currently president of U.S. Zinc Corporation, a

       wholly owned subsidiary of IMCO, will serve as president of the zinc

       business unit.

     - Dieter Koch and Roland Scharf-Bergmann, currently co-managing directors

       of VAW-IMCO GmbH of Germany, a wholly owned subsidiary of IMCO, will

       serve as co-managing directors of the European business unit.



In addition, the following individuals will have functional leadership roles in

the merged company. Sean Stack will have responsibility for both treasury and

all M&A activity. Jeffrey B. Holder, currently vice president, information

technology for IMCO, will become head of the IT function for the merged company.

Robert R. Holian, currently senior vice president, controller and chief

accounting officer for IMCO, will become corporate controller of the new

company. All three will report directly to the chief financial officer.



Denis Ray, who has worked at both IMCO and Commonwealth, will manage

manufacturing shared services and report directly to Mr. Demetriou.



J. Tomas Barrett, currently senior vice president and assistant chief financial

officer of IMCO, will serve as integration coordinator. This position is

expected to continue six-to-twelve months post-closing.



Mr. Demetriou said, "Several other decisions remain to be made regarding the

future leadership of the merged company. Our joint steering committee is

continuing to work quickly to complete the new organization and to finalize the

geographic locations of major activities. Our intention is to drive key

responsibilities down into the business units and operating functions, with the

goal of co-locating as much of the organizations as possible. We hope very

shortly to announce pending decisions about other executive appointments,

locations of business unit offices, and the name of the merged company."



He also reported that the Federal Trade Commission has granted IMCO's request

for early termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott- Rodino

Antitrust Improvement Act.



IMCO Recycling Inc. is one of the world's largest recyclers of aluminum and

zinc. The company has 21 U.S. production plants and five international

facilities located in Brazil, Germany, Mexico and Wales. IMCO Recycling's

headquarters office is in Irving, Texas.



Commonwealth Industries, Inc. is one of North America's leading manufacturers of

aluminum sheet for the distribution, transportation, construction and consumer

durables end-use sectors. The company has direct- chill casting facilities in

Kentucky and continuous casting mini-mills in Ohio and California.

Commonwealth's headquarters office is in Louisville, Kentucky.



SAFE HARBOR REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS



This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of

Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements are made

pursuant to the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation

Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding the upcoming merger with

Commonwealth. Investors are cautioned that all forward- looking statements

involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results could differ materially

from those described therein. These risks and uncertainties would include,

without limitation, completion of the merger which, in turn, is subject to,

among other things, the approval of the stockholders of both companies and the

receipt of certain regulatory approvals; additional severance or similar costs

incurred prior to completion of the merger; the success of IMCO and Commonwealth

in securing sufficient financing on adequate terms to refinance certain of their

outstanding debt; future unutilized capacity of the company's various

facilities; longer-than- expected shutdowns of auto manufacturing facilities for

model changeovers or for other reasons; the availability at favorable cost of

aluminum scrap and other metal supplies that the company processes; restrictions

in place on the company's capital expenditures and future growth imposed by its

credit facilities; the ability of the company to enter into effective metals,

natural gas and other commodity derivatives; the continuation of, or further

declines in, the U.S. can recycling rate; future natural gas and other fuel

costs of the company; a weakening in industrial demand resulting from a decline

in U.S. or world economic conditions caused by terrorist activities or other

unanticipated events; future downturns in the automotive markets in the U.S. and

Europe; future decreases in recycling outsourcing by primary producers; future

levels and timing of capital expenditures; fluctuations in operating margins for

the products and services the company provides; the financial condition of its

customers and the retention of its major customers; the timing and amounts of

collections; the future mix of product sales vs. tolling business; currency

exchange fluctuations; future writedowns or impairment charges which may be

required because of the occurrence of some of the uncertainties listed above;

and other risks listed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange

Commission, including but not limited to the reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal

year ended December 31, 2003, and on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,

2004, particularly the sections entitled "Cautionary Statements For Purposes of

Forward-Looking Statements" contained therein.



SOURCE IMCO Recycling Inc.



CONTACT: Paul V. Dufour of IMCO Recycling Inc., +1-972-401-7391; or Kim S.

Knotts of Commonwealth Industries, Inc., +1-502-588-8207



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS EDITOR



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





