
                              856 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                            January 12, 2004 Monday



Alcoa Chief Technical Officer Among Top 25 'Indian Technical & Management

Leaders';

--New UN-Sponsored Book Profiles IIT Alumni --



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 665 words



DATELINE: UPPER BURRELL, Pa. Jan. 12





Dr. Mohammad A. Zaidi, Chief Technical Officer and Vice President, Alcoa, is

profiled in a new United Nations-sponsored book entitled IIT: India's

Intellectual Treasures, a "behind the scenes" look into India's prestigious

Indian Institutes of Technology. The 135-page coffee table book examines the

achievements of its top alumni, written by Suvarna U. Rajguru and Ranjan Pant (

www.indusmedia.net ).



Other alumni profiled in the book include Rajat Gupta, former Managing Director

of McKinsey; Vinod Khosla, co-founder of Sun Microsystems; Raghuran Rajan, Chief

Economist, International Monetary Fund; Jeet Bindra, President, Chevron Global

Refining and Arun Netravali, former President of AT&T Bell Labs.



Dr. Zaidi and the other IIT alumni were hosted at a celebration at the Indian

Consulate in New York last month. IIT was one of the first institutions of

higher education established in India 50 years ago with the help of the United

Nations. Many of its graduates have made outstanding contributions to business,

industry and education in the United States and India.



Dr. Mohammad A. Zaidi was appointed Chief Technical Officer and Vice President,

Alcoa in March 2003. He is responsible for corporate technology programs and

projects, as well as strategic product and process developments. He also is a

member of the Alcoa Executive Council, the senior leadership group that provides

strategic direction for the company.



Dr. Zaidi joined Alcoa in 1985 at Alcoa Technical Center (ATC) as a senior

engineer. Since then, he has held assignments of increasing responsibility that

include being named manager of technology development and transfer in 1991 for

the aluminum-intensive vehicle, which included development of the aluminum

spaceframe used for the Audi A8, and later the Ferrari Modena. Dr. Zaidi moved

to Germany in 1992 for the startup of the Alcoa Automotive GmbH plant in Soest,

Germany, which produces castings and formed and machined components and

assemblies for the automotive industry.

    In 1995, he was named director of product strategy, which involved new

automotive product development and related technologies, and in 1997, vice

president of technology development for Alcoa's automotive business. He returned

to ATC in 1998 as director of technology for worldwide automotive and

extrusions, with accountability for best practice transfer and technology

management throughout Alcoa's worldwide extrusion and automotive businesses. In

2001, Dr. Zaidi became president of Alcoa Automotive's fabrication and assembly

business and chief operating officer of Alcoa's automotive castings business.



Dr. Zaidi, who was born in India, graduated in 1975 with a metallurgical

engineering degree from IIT, in Kanpur, India. He graduated from the Imperial

College in London both with a master's degree in materials technology and a PhD

in mechanical metallurgy in 1977 and 1980, respectively. He has authored 20

papers or articles in various scientific journals and books.



About Alcoa:



Alcoa is the world's leading producer of primary aluminum, fabricated aluminum

and alumina, and is active in all major aspects of the industry. Alcoa serves

the aerospace, automotive, packaging, building and construction, commercial

transportation and industrial markets, bringing design, engineering, production

and other capabilities of Alcoa's businesses to customers. In addition to

aluminum products and components, Alcoa also markets consumer brands including

Reynolds Wrap(R) foils and plastic wraps, Alcoa(R) wheels, and Baco(R) household

wraps. Among its other businesses are vinyl siding, closures, precision

castings, and electrical distribution systems for cars and trucks. The company

has 127,000 employees in 41 countries. More information can be found at

www.alcoa.com .



Editorial Contact: Lori Gallagher

                         724-337-2725

                         lori.gallagher@alcoa.com



SOURCE Alcoa



CONTACT: Lori Gallagher of Alcoa, +1-724-337-2725, or lori.gallagher@alcoa.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS, TECHNOLOGY AND AUTO EDITORS



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





