aa,PR Newswire,20110505,8:05,331909
                              228 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        May 5, 2011 Thursday 8:05 AM EST



Commercial Metals Company Appoints Barbara Smith Chief Financial Officer



LENGTH: 401 words



DATELINE: IRVING, Texas, May 5, 2011





Commercial Metals Company (NYSE: CMC) (the "Company") headquartered in Irving,

Texas, announced today that effective June 1, 2011, Barbara R. Smith will assume

the role of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for the Company,

reporting to Joe Alvarado, President and COO. In this position, Barbara will

have responsibility for all financial functions of the Company.



Prior to joining CMC, Smith was the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

for Gerdau Ameristeel in Tampa, FL. She also served as Senior Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer for FARO Technologies, Inc. in Orlando, FL. Her career

included 24 years' service with Alcoa Inc. where Smith held a variety of

financial leadership positions including Vice President of Finance for Alcoa's

Aerospace, Automotive & Commercial Transportation Group (Cleveland, OH); Vice

President and Chief Financial Officer, Alcoa Fujikura Ltd. (Nashville, TN); and

Director of Internal Audit (Pittsburgh, PA). A graduate of Purdue University

with a degree in Accounting, Smith is also a Certified Public Accountant. Smith

was recently elected to the Board of Directors for Minerals Technology, Inc.

(MTX).



Smith will succeed Bill Larson who has been with CMC for twenty years, the last

twelve in the role of CFO.



Murray R. McClean, the Company's CEO and Chairman, said, "We are pleased to

welcome Barbara to CMC, and we are confident, based on her background and

experience, she will play a key role in CMC's future success. We wish to take

this opportunity to thank Bill Larson for his tremendous contribution to CMC."



Joe Alvarado echoed McClean's sentiments and added, "I congratulate Barbara on

her new role and I am looking forward to working with her. I am confident she

will provide strong financial leadership as we begin a new chapter in the

Company's future. We thank Bill for his long and dedicated leadership, and we

wish him the best."



Commercial Metals Company and subsidiaries manufacture, recycle and market steel

and metal products, related materials and services through a network including

steel minimills, steel fabrication and processing plants, construction-related

product warehouses, a copper tube mill, metal recycling facilities and marketing

and distribution offices in the United States and in strategic international

markets.



SOURCE Commercial Metals Company







CONTACT:Debbie Okle, Director, Public Relations, +1-214-689-4354



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





