aa,PR Newswire,20080715,11:04,332174
                              493 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       July 15, 2008 Tuesday 3:04 PM GMT



Corporations Should Increase Expenses for Better Shareholder Returns;

The Economic Sky May Be Falling But a Recent Study by Brilliont Suggests It's

Time to Invest in Growth



LENGTH: 423 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK July 15





NEW YORK, July 15 /PRNewswire/ -- Corporations should increase their expenses to

deliver better shareholder returns. That is the contrarian finding of a study by

boutique consulting firm Brilliont ( http://www.brilliont.com/ ). While leading

companies - from Starbucks to Alcoa to Siemens - have recently announced

restructurings to decrease expenses and increase profitability, the study

actually recommends increasing certain expenses.



"Traditional restructuring efforts fail to deliver desired benefits because they

inappropriately treat every dollar of expense equally. In reality, certain

expenses are non-strategic and others are strategic, and it is these strategic

expenses that drive organizational growth. Strategic expenses are investments in

marketing, R&D, innovation and sales, and the data suggest increasing these.

Restructuring efforts should be focused exclusively on reducing non-strategic

expenses," asserts Brilliont Managing Director, Anand Sanwal.



Brilliont's analysis of S&P 500 Company expenses from 2002 to present reveals

that companies who increased their strategic expenses most aggressively as a

proportion of total operating expenses delivered total shareholder returns that

were 12% better than the rest of the S&P 500 over this period.



This means organizations should aim to minimize their non-strategic expenses and

reinvest the savings into strategic expense areas. "As the data reveal, firms

that reinvest like this deliver far better returns. This is because of their

superior ability to generate organic growth which is a tremendous predictor of

shareholder returns," adds Sanwal.



For companies seeking to understand their expenses in order to restructure more

prudently, Brilliont offers a Process and Cost Optimization (PaCO) Assessment to

analyze their clients' expense structure and develop a plan to appropriately

minimize non-strategic expenses. The Brilliont team guarantees at least $1

million in cost savings or the client pays nothing.



"We're experts at process and cost optimization and the guarantee is the result

of our knowing we can deliver tangible savings for our clients. If we cannot,

our clients shouldn't have to pay us. It's that simple," states Sanwal.



Brilliont ( http://www.brilliont.com/ ) is a boutique consulting firm helping

clients deliver shareholder returns through proven cost optimization, organic

growth and innovation disciplines.



CONTACT: Anand Sanwal, +1-212-785-0205, or cell, +1-917-279-2101,

 asanwal@brilliont.com



Web Site: http://www.brilliont.com/



SOURCE BRILLIONT



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





