aa,PR Newswire US,20070412,11:48,332292
                              611 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      April 12, 2007 Thursday 3:48 PM GMT



Xerox Chair Anne Mulcahy and Ford Foundation Chair Kathryn Fuller Named

Financial Women's Association 2007 Women of the Year;

Women To Be Honored At FWA Annual Dinner, May 3



LENGTH: 528 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK April 12





NEW YORK, April 12  /PRNewswire/ -- The Financial Women's Association of New

York, the finance industry's premier professional organization for high-

achieving women, has announced the recipients of the 2007 Women of the Year

Awards.  Xerox Chairman and CEO Anne Mulcahy has been named private sector

honoree and Ford Foundation Chairman Kathryn Fuller is the public sector

honoree.  The women will be honored at the FWA's Annual Dinner, Thursday, May 3

at the Grand Hyatt in New York City.



Mulcahy has been credited with spearheading Xerox's extraordinary turnaround.  A

30 year veteran of the company, she has led Xerox over the past six years

through a massive transformation, significantly improving the company's

financial position and expanding its portfolio of systems and services.  She has

been included in Forbes's "Most Powerful Women in Business," Fortune's "Most

Powerful Women," and Time's "Top 100 People Who Shape Out World."  In addition

to the Xerox board, she is a member of the boards of directors of Catalyst,

Citigroup Inc., Fuji Xerox Co. Ltd. and Target Corporation, and is a member of

The Business Council.



Fuller leads the Ford Foundation's mission to strengthen democratic values,

reduce poverty and injustice, promote international cooperation and advance

human achievement.  After beginning her career in the U.S. Department of

Justice, she joined the World Wildlife Fund, retiring as president in 2005. She

served as Public Policy Scholar at the Woodrow Wilson International Center For

Scholars, a nonpartisan institute established by Congress for the advanced study

of national and world affairs.  In addition to chairing the Ford Foundation, Ms.

Fuller serves on the following boards:  the Board of Trustees of the Brown

University Corporation; the Watson Institute at Brown University; Resources for

the Future; the National Museum of Natural History; and the Summit Foundation.

She is also a director of Alcoa, Inc.



Proceeds from the dinner support the Financial Women's Association of New York

Educational Fund, which helps educate young women about careers in the financial

services industry through mentoring programs and scholarships at both the high

school and college levels. The Fund also supports the FWA's Financial Backpack

Program for financial literacy seminars for educational institutions, as well as

professional development and educational programs for the general business

community.



For information on attending, contact the FWA Office at  http://www.fwa.org/  or

(212) 533-2141.



Founded in 1956, the Financial Women's Association is the leading professional

organization for women in financial services. The FWA serves more than 1000

members through leadership experience, programs that enhance their knowledge and

skills, and a widened professional network. In addition, it also works to

encourage future generations to seek career opportunities in business and

finance through its nationally acclaimed scholarship, mentoring, and training

programs.



CONTACT:  Ann Pinkerton, McGrath Matter Associates for Financial Women's

Association, +1-212-354-5588



Web site:   http://www.fwa.org/



SOURCE Financial Women's Association



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





