aa,PR Newswire,20120702,9:30,331754
                              73 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        July 2, 2012 Monday 9:30 AM EST



Zacks Earnings Preview : Acuity Brands, JDA Software, International Speedway and

Xyratex



LENGTH: 981 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, July 2, 2012





Zacks.com releases the list of companies likely to issue earnings surprises.

This week's list includes Acuity Brands (NYSE:AYI), JDA Software , International

Speedway (Nasdaq:ISCA) and Xyratex .



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



To see more earnings analysis, visit http://at.zacks.com/?id=3207.



Every day, Zacks.com makes 4 stock picks available, free of charge. To see them,

go to http://at.zacks.com/?id=3567.



Economic Focus in Holiday-Shortened Week



Announcements out of the Euro-zone summit have significantly brought down

concerns about that region, at least for now. (See here for a focused

discussion.)



Attention now shifts to the domestic scene, where the holiday-shortened week is

chock full of material economic reports, with the June non-farm payroll report

giving us a good sense of developments in the labor market. Other key reports

include the manufacturing and non-manufacturing ISM surveys.



We don't have much on the earnings front next week, with only a handful of

lesser-known companies reporting results. The reporting cycle gets fully

underway the following week when Alcoa (AA) comes out with its quarterly

results. Given the overall low expectations for the second quarter, we will

likely see a replay of the first quarter results.



Monday - 7/2 We will get the June Manufacturing ISM report after the market

opens, with expectations of the index declining to 52.5 from May's 53.5 level.

The Chicago PMI report, which historically has had a strong correlation with the

national manufacturing ISM reading, came roughly in-line with expectations on

Friday. We also have the May Construction Spending report coming out at the same

time as the ISM report. The expectation is for construction spending to come

down from April's 0.3% growth pace. The only notable earnings release this

morning is from lighting solutions provider Acuity Brands (NYSE:AYI) before the

open.



Tuesday - 7/3



We will get the May Factory Orders report after the market opens, with

expectations of 0.1% growth following 0.6% drop in March. We will also be

getting the June motor vehicle sales numbers throughout the day, with the

annualized sales pace in June expected to increase to 14 million from May's 13.8

million pace. The only notable earnings release this day is from JDA Software

(Nasdaq:JDAS), after the close.



Wednesday - 7/4



July 4th holiday.



Thursday - 7/5



We have a busy day of economic releases, with the June ADP report and the weekly

Jobless Claims data coming out in the morning, while the non-manufacturing ISM

report coming out after the market opens. The ADP report is the last major

release before Friday's jobs report and will set the tone for market

expectations for the Friday number. The Non-Manufacturing ISM report is expected

to pullback modestly from May's 53.7 level. International Speedway

(Nasdaq:ISCA), the motorsports promoter, will report results in the morning,

while U.K.-based tech company Xyratex will report after the close.



Friday - 7/6



The June non-farm payroll report is expected to bring in 100K jobs following the

69K jobs tally in May. The unemployment rate is expected to remain unchanged at

8.2%. Following three months of disappointing jobs reports, expectations have

come down significantly. But it will be interesting to see if even these lowered

expectations will be met on Friday.



Sheraz Mian is the Director of Research for Zacks.com.



About the Zacks Rank



Since 1988, the Zacks Rank has proven that "Earnings estimate revisions are the

most powerful force impacting stock prices." Since inception in 1988, #1 Rank

Stocks have generated an average annual return of +28%. During the 2000-2002

bear market, Zacks #1 Rank stocks gained +43.8%, while the S&P 500 tumbled

-37.6%. Also note that the Zacks Rank system has just as many Strong Sell

recommendations (Rank #5) as Strong Buy recommendations (Rank #1). Since 1988,

Zacks Rank #5 stocks have significantly underperformed the S&P 500 (+3% versus

+10%). Thus, the Zacks Rank system allows investors to truly manage portfolio

trading effectively.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter offers continuous coverage of the

industries and the stocks poised to outperform the market. Subscribe to this

free newsletter today by visiting http://at.zacks.com/?id=4988.



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Len Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in stock

market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his many

accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system; the

Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1 margin.

The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market insights

of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit

from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to

be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros

by going to http://at.zacks.com/?id=3568.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/ZacksInvestmentResearch



Zacks Investment Research is under common control with affiliated entities

(including a broker-dealer and an investment adviser), which may engage in

transactions involving the foregoing securities for the clients of such

affiliates.



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Contact: Sheraz MianCompany: Zacks.comPhone: 312-265-9211 Email: pr@zacks.com

Visit: www.Zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





