aa,PR Newswire,20051208,13:50,332407
                              726 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     December 8, 2005 Thursday 6:50 PM GMT



Midwest ISO Announces New Additions to Board of Directors



LENGTH: 477  words



DATELINE: CARMEL, Ind. Dec. 8





The Midwest Independent Transmission System Operator, Inc. (Midwest ISO) today

announced the election of two new members to its Board of Directors. Each will

serve a three-year term. The new board members are Shelley A. Longmuir, a former

aviation industry executive; and David R. Guzman, a former executive with

several Fortune 500 companies.



"We are pleased to have these talented new members join us," said Board Chairman

T. Graham Edwards. "Their experience will bring the broad business perspective

so vital in today's energy environment."



James P. Torgerson, President and CEO of the Midwest ISO, joined in welcoming

the new Directors. "The Midwest ISO is fortunate to attract Directors of this

caliber who are willing to lend their expertise," Torgerson said.



Shelley Longmuir spent 10 years at UAL Corporation where she served as Senior

Vice President, International, Regulatory and Government Affairs. She has also

served as counsel in two agencies of the federal government. Ms. Longmuir has a

Juris Doctor from the New York University School of Law, and two Bachelor of

Arts degrees -- English and American Literature, and Semiotics -- from Brown

University.



David Guzman was recently Senior Vice President of Systems Development for

Office Depot, Inc. He has also held key IT positions at Alcoa, Deloitte &

Touche, and Credit Suisse/First Boston. Mr. Guzman is a graduate of Yale

University and has a Bachelor of Arts degree in Politics and Economics.



"As an independent body, the Midwest ISO Board provides the direction and vision

necessary for this organization to become the leader in electricity markets,"

Torgerson added. "We look forward to working with our new members and tackling

the challenges that lie ahead."



About the Midwest ISO



The Midwest ISO manages one of the world's largest energy markets using security

constrained economic dispatch of electricity. In addition, the organization

administers Day-Ahead, Real-Time and Financial Transmission Rights markets as

well as Locational Marginal Pricing at over 1,400 nodal locations. Consistent

with FERC Order No. 2000 and its Midwest Markets Tariff, the Midwest ISO

utilizes a market-based platform for grid congestion management. The Midwest ISO

was approved as the nation's first RTO in 2001. Membership in the organization

is voluntary. The Midwest ISO acts in close cooperation with the 15 states and

the province of Manitoba, where it operates 97,000 miles of transmission lines.

The organization was founded in 1998, is governed by an independent Board of

Directors, and is headquartered in Carmel, Indiana with an operations center in

St. Paul, Minnesota. Visit Midwest ISO at http://www.midwestiso.org/ .



CONTACT: Gary Rasp, +1-317-432-4507, or Megan Haywood, +1-317-432-3787,for

Midwest ISO



Web site:  http://www.midwestiso.org/



SOURCE Midwest Independent Transmission System Operator, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





