aa,PR Newswire,20100616,10:49,331984
                              303 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      June 16, 2010 Wednesday 10:49 AM EST



Automotive Aluminum Offers Greater Weight Reduction Potential Than Steel While

Retaining Strength, New Study Confirms



LENGTH: 770 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON and BRUSSELS, June 16





WASHINGTON and BRUSSELS, June 16 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Using aluminum in

key automotive components can safely reduce vehicle weight by as much as 40

percent, compared to only 11 percent for high-strength steel, according to a

study conducted by the University of Aachen released today.



The report, conducted by the Institut fur Kraftfahrzeuge at the University of

Aachen for the European Aluminium Association, analyzed 26 automotive components

to assess the further potential or limits of weight reduction for both steel and

aluminum. Reducing vehicle weight is key to cutting carbon emissions and

improving fuel economy.



"Aluminum use in the automotive sector has increased steadily for the past four

decades; however this new study makes clear the environmental and safety

advantages of the high-strength, low-weight material have yet to be fully

realized. This study combined with other data on the benefits of aluminum

suggest a total of about 525 pounds of additional weight savings, which could

result in 2.7 more miles per gallon or a nearly 10 percent further improvement

in fuel economy over a typical auto today. This can be done while maintaining -

if not further improving - vehicle safety," said Randall Scheps, Chairman of the

Aluminum Association's Aluminum Transportation Group and Alcoa's Director of

Ground Transportation.



The study found that using aluminum could result in significant weights savings

for the analyzed components, ranging from 14 to 49 percent. Using a state-of-the

art steel reference car, the maximum weight reduction potential of aluminum in

car bodies is approximately 40 percent.



"Aluminum is more crash absorbent than steel and can safely cut vehicle weight

without reducing vehicle size. This offers great potential, since lighter

vehicles can produce fewer emissions and need less fuel or battery power to

operate," Scheps said.



Weight reduction potential using high strength steel was limited to only an

additional 11 percent. The reason the potential weight reduction using high

strength steel is so small, is that nearly 40 percent of the parts analyzed

simply cannot be made thinner regardless of the grade of steel used. If high

strength steel were to be used to lightweight these parts, their stiffness would

actually be reduced and the car's performance would suffer, whereas, aluminum

could be used without reducing stiffness or causing the car's performance to

suffer.



Potential for automotive aluminum lightweighting varies and options include

maintaining a steel body with aluminum closures, hang-on and mounting parts,

hybrid or multi-material designs for the body and full aluminum body.



"The study confirms that the lightweighting potential is still considerable.

Debates in Europe usually focus on improving powertrain technologies to improve

the well-to-wheel energy conversion efficiency, but this only addresses the

'supply' side of the story and ideally should be complemented by vehicle mass

reduction, in order to reduce the 'demand' for energy at the wheel," added

Bernard Gilmont, Transportation & Building Director for the European Aluminium

Association.



Scheps concluded that "lightweighting the world's overall transportation fleet

through the use of aluminum has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions

by nearly 660 million tons annually, or 9 percent of global,

transportation-related greenhouse gas emissions."



For a copy of the study or to arrange an interview on this topic, please visit

www.aluminumintransportation.org/.



About the Aluminum Association



Through its Aluminum Transportation Group (ATG), the Aluminum Association

communicates the benefits of aluminum in ground transportation applications to

help accelerate its penetration through research programs and related outreach

activities. The ATG's mission is to serve member companies and act as a central

resource for the automotive and commercial vehicle industries on aluminum

issues. Members of the ATG include: Alcoa Inc., Novelis Inc., Rio Tinto Alcan,

Aluminum Precision Products Inc., Kaiser Aluminum Corporation and Sapa Group.



About the European Aluminum Association



The European Aluminum Association, founded in 1981, represents the European

aluminum industry from alumina and primary production to semi-finished and

end-use products, through to recycling. The European aluminum industry directly

employs about 236,000 people.



SOURCE The Aluminum Association, Inc.







CONTACT:Mary Ellen Akins, for The Aluminum Association, Inc (USA),

+1-202-289-2001 (office), makins@stratacomm.net; or Claude Claire Sonmez,

European Aluminium Association, +32.2.775.63.43 (office), sonmez@eaa.be



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





