aa,U.S. Newswire,20070319,14:00,332303
                              622 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                       March 19, 2007 Monday 2:00 PM EST



Investors Managing $4 Trillion Call on Congress to Tackle Global Climate Change



SECTION: POLITICAL EDITORS



LENGTH: 994 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON,  March 19





For the first time, dozens of institutional investors managing $4 trillion in

assets today called on U.S. lawmakers to enact strong federal legislation to

curb the pollution causing global climate change. Joined by a dozen leading U.S.

companies, the investor group outlined the business and economic rationale for

climate action as they called for a national policy that reduces greenhouse gas

emissions consistent with targets scientists say are needed to avoid the

dangerous impacts of global warming.



The group, organized by Ceres and the Investor Network on Climate Risk, issued a

Climate Call to Action at a press conference today in Washington DC. The 65

signers include institutional investors and asset managers such as Merrill

Lynch, Allianz and the California Public Employees Retirement System (CalPERS),

as well as leading corporations such as BP America, PG&E, DuPont, Alcoa, Sun

Microsystems and National Grid.



A full list of signers as of March 19 appears below. For their entire statement,

later signers, and additional information, please see

http://www.ceres.org/Call_to_Action/index.php



In endorsing the statement, investors and companies sent a strong message that

climate policy uncertainty and the lack of federal regulations may be

undermining their long-term competitiveness because it is preventing them from

investing in clean energy and climate-friendly technologies and practices.



"Global warming presents enormous risks and opportunities for U.S. businesses

and investors," said Fred R. Buenrostro, chief executive officer at CalPERS, the

country's largest public pension fund with $230 billion in assets. "To tap

American ingenuity and drive business to a leadership position in the low-carbon

future, we need regulations to enable the markets to deploy capital and spur

innovation."



"Investors and companies are asking Washington to set a clear policy direction

to address the risks of climate change," said Ceres president Mindy S. Lubber,

whose organization also directs the Investor Network on Climate Risk. "The

greatest climate risk facing investors and business is the uncertainty caused by

the absence of U.S. policy."



Climate change presents far-reaching risks and opportunities for businesses and

investors. Some companies in sectors such as electric power, oil and automotive

will face high financial risks from carbon-reducing regulations if they are not

prepared to act. Insurance companies and businesses with infrastructure in

places vulnerable to extreme weather events also face financial exposure. On the

flip side, climate change presents significant economic opportunities for

businesses that invest in new technologies and products to save energy and

reduce greenhouse gas emissions.



Citing these trends -- as well as recent scientific reports concluding that

climate change is taking place and that human activities are the primary

contributor -- investors and companies called for the following three actions:



"As institutional investors focused on the long-term financial performance of a

company, we expect a thorough analysis of all significant business liabilities,"

said Connecticut State Treasurer Denise L. Nappier. "Leading companies have

already made progress working to not only assess and report the risks posed by

climate change, but to also set in place strategic plans to foster future growth

and success. In the face of mounting evidence demonstrating the economic

implications of climate change, we strongly urge the SEC to acknowledge it as a

material consideration and require all companies to disclose its impact to

shareholders."



"Allianz SE believes it is essential to put a price tag on carbon, thereby

enabling market mechanisms to drive emissions reductions and climate

protection," said Joachim Faber, member of the Board of Management at Allianz

SE, which manages $1.6 trillion of assets. "Despite challenges in the

application of the European carbon emissions trading system, we firmly believe

that appropriately structured carbon cap and trade programs play a central role

in addressing the challenge of global climate change."



"California is the country's leader when it comes to fighting climate change,"

said California State Treasurer Bill Lockyer. "But states and local governments,

no matter how aggressive, can only do so much. To effectively combat global

warming, we need action on a national scale. We need federal leadership now to

preserve our future, safeguard our economic competitiveness, protect investors

and help businesses minimize their risks and maximize their opportunities. The

longer the federal government waits, the greater the cost our nation and its

people will pay."



"The lack of a national climate policy is hindering the business community's

ability to respond," said Jack Ehnes, chief executive officer of the California

State Teachers' Retirement System (CalSTRS). "In addition to providing a clear

regulatory roadmap, Congress needs to realign energy and transportation policies

to stimulate new technologies that will enable us to achieve dramatic greenhouse

gas reductions."



"The investor and the business community are demonstrating that they are ahead

of the political process. Like most responsible observers, they've seen the

science and know it is real and must be responded to," said Timothy E. Wirth,

president of the United Nations Foundation. "Through their actions, they are

demonstrating that preventing climate change isn't just good for the planet; it

is an opportunity to bolster the bottom line. Now it's time for the policy

makers to join this great global effort."



Ceres is a leading coalition of investors, environmental groups and other public

interest organizations working with companies to address sustainability

challenges such as global climate change. For more information, visit

http://www.ceres.org



SOURCE Ceres







Contact: Peyton Fleming of Ceres, +1-617-247-0700 x20, cell: +1-617-733-6660; or

Peter Kelley, cell: +1-202-270-8831, for Ceres



LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





