aa,PR Newswire,20080508,14:58,332195
                              514 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        May 8, 2008 Thursday 6:58 PM GMT



240 Organizations Lead North American Action on Climate;

Founding Reporters first to join Greenhouse Gas Registry



LENGTH: 522 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON May 8





WASHINGTON, May 8 /PRNewswire/ -- Two hundred forty corporations, state and

local governments, environmental and other organizations have stepped up to lead

North America in greenhouse gas reporting by joining The Climate Registry. The

Climate Registry is a non-profit organization that sets standards for greenhouse

gas measurement, verification, and public reporting which are accurate and

consistent across North America. Thirty nine U.S. states, nine Canadian

provinces, six Mexican states, three Native American tribes, and the District of

Columbia have adopted The Climate Registry's voluntary standards.



"The depth and variety of the Founding Reporters from all across North America

and in so many different sectors -- cities, auto manufacturers, wine makers, and

the post office -- is a testament to the breadth of ongoing climate activities

and the Registry's ability to assist in these efforts," said Gina McCarthy,

Chair of The Climate Registry Board and Commissioner of the Connecticut

Department of Environmental Quality.



  Here is a sampling of the breadth and depth of the Founding Reporters:



  Manufacturing:

  Alcoa - Washington

  Cormetech, Inc. - North Carolina

  Eastman Kodak Company - New York

  Ford Motor Company - Michigan

  PPG Industries, Inc. - Pennsylvania

  Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. - Indiana



  Oil & Gas:

  Shell Oil Company - Texas

  Suncor Energy (USA) Inc. - Colorado

  Northern Natural Gas - Nebraska



  Power:

  Arizona Public Service Company - Arizona

  Duke Energy Corporation - North Carolina

  Minnesota Power - Minnesota

  PacifiCorp - Oregon

  PG&E - California

  Termoelectrica de Mexicali - Sonora, MX

  Westar Energy, Inc. - Kansas

  Wolverine Power Cooperative - Michigan



  State & Federal Agencies:

  Maryland Department of the Environment - Maryland

  Massachusetts DEP

  Nevada DEP

  State of Utah Executive Branch

  State of Vermont Agency of Natural Resources

  Los Alamos National Lab - New Mexico

  The U.S. Postal Service - Washington D.C.



  Cities:

  Austin, Texas

  Greenville, South Carolina

  Seattle, Washington

  Wilmington, Delaware



  General:

  Mitel Networks Corporation - Ontario, CA

  Newmont Mining Corporation - Nevada

  Northland College - Wisconsin

  St. Louis Zoo - Missouri

  Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC) - Virginia

  Natural Resource Defense Council - New York







For a complete list of Founding Reporters, please visit

http://theclimateregistry.org/reporters.html .



The Climate Registry's mission is to set accurate and transparent standards for

greenhouse gas measurement, verification and public reporting that is consistent

in a single unified North American GHG registry. Our program supports mandatory

and voluntary GHG reporting programs at the local, regional and federal levels,

providing Reporters with meaningful data to mitigate the effects of climate

change and reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. The Registry is a non-profit

organization embodying the highest levels of environmental integrity.



CONTACT: Nancy Whalen of Climate Registry, +1-213-891-6933,

 Nancy@climateregistry.org



Web site: http://theclimateregistry.org/reporters.html



SOURCE Climate Registry



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





