aa,PR Newswire,20090506,2:00,332077
                              396 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       May 6, 2009 Wednesday 6:00 AM GMT



FMA Congresses: The United States Navy Is Still a Buyer in Tough Economic Times



LENGTH: 593 words



DATELINE: MONTREAL, May 6





"This event was a great success. We look forward to attending and finding new

contractors here in the future. I hope I let these business men and women know

that the Navy is open for business."



MONTREAL, May 6 /PRNewswire/ -- Howard Snow, the Deputy Assistant Secretary of

the Navy, wants energy efficient and green-friendly businesses to know that the

Navy is a buyer always on the lookout for new services. Responsible for the

Navy's installations and facilities, Snow, accompanied by a number of U.S. Navy

decision makers attended FMA's most recent Progressive Energy and Environment

Congress held in Atlanta, Georgia over the 20th to the 22nd of April. There,

they met with companies ranging from Alcoa, Northrup Grumman and Lockheed

Martin, with whom they already had established relationships, to companies new

to them such as Corus 360 and Nexus Lighting Inc.



When discussing the Navy's involvement with other businesses at the FMA

congress, Snow said, "I like to let businesses know that they are capable of

being Navy contractors. Many businesses think they're too small to be a Navy

contractor, but hey, if you build chairs, the Navy needs chairs too. We're

looking for the best available products and services, and we want to help grow

businesses, [...] especially ones that conserve energy and are good for the

environment."



Business leaders who lined up to get a few moments of Snow's time were not

disappointed. Snow turned no one away, taking as much time as was necessary with

each individual to gather details about what their companies had to offer, even

skipping lunch to meet the staggering level of demand. A number of companies

represented at the Congress caught his eye, going on to become some of the

Navy's newest contractors.



Joe Piazza of FMA praised the military for routinely attending the Progressive

Energy and Environment Congresses. Piazza explained that any organization, from

private companies, to the military, to private and state run educational

facilities such as Clemson University and the Ohio Valley District School

System, all garner substantial benefits by utilizing the Congress's green

contractors. Many companies expressed that what set FMA apart from other events

of a similar nature was its team's tireless efforts in facilitating

personalized, one-on-one meetings with eco-friendly decision makers from the

public and private sectors. Even as the event came to a close, FMA was already

hard at work organizing the next Congress, slated to take place in Chicago,

Illinois from the 28th-30th of September 2009. According to Howard Snow, you can

count on seeing the Navy there, "This event was a great success. We look forward

to attending and finding new contractors here in the future. I hope I let these

business men and women know that the Navy is open for business."



About FMA Congresses



FMA Congresses develops specialized conferences and trade meetings for the

industrial, commercial and government sectors. These events range in focus from

sustainability, energy and environmental initiatives, to developing

infrastructure and international trade.



For more details on the Progressive Energy, Environment and Green Supply Chain 3

Congress in Chicago, Illinois from the 28th-30th of September 2009 please

contact Joe Piazza, Director of Business Development jpiazza@fmaintl.com or

514-396-9471.



This press release was issued through 24-7PressRelease.com. For further

information, visit http://www.24-7pressrelease.com.



SOURCE FMA Congresses







CONTACT:Joe Piazza of FMA Congresses, +1-514-396-9471, jpiazza@fmaintl.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





