aa,PR Newswire US,20050627,10:13,332437
                              756 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                        June 27, 2005 Monday 2:13 PM GMT



Alcoa Home Exteriors Uses On-Demand TMS to Achieve 99% On-Time Delivery for 4

Consecutive Years While Improving Overall Shipping Processes;

Supplier of Siding and Exterior Products for Home Building Market Attributes New

Logistics Efficiencies to BestTransport's Carrier Relationship Assessment

Service



LENGTH: 686 words



DATELINE: COLUMBUS, Ohio June 27





COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 27  /PRNewswire/ -- BestTransport, Inc., a leading provider

of on-demand Transportation Management Systems (TMS), announced today that

another metals industry company, Alcoa Home Exteriors, has used its solutions to

dramatically improve existing carrier relationships and operations, boost

on-time deliveries and optimize shipment capacities.



As a leading supplier of premium performance siding and low-maintenance exterior

products for the home, Alcoa Home Exteriors counts on reliable and attentive

customer service in order to grow its business. Alcoa takes pride in promising

product excellence, including on-time and damage-free deliveries.



"We knew that we already had strong relationships with freight carriers, but it

was becoming evident that there was still room to improve our response to some

service issues and establish new transportation processes," said Monique

McGlinch, logistics manager for Alcoa Home Exteriors.



Alcoa needed to identify carriers that worked to meet the same on-time,

damage-free delivery standards.  Once identified, continuous feedback from these

carriers would help strengthen relationships and improve the handling of

freight.



By leveraging the BestTransport Carrier Relationship Assessment Service, Alcoa

was able to determine that 32 percent of its carriers sought loads from Alcoa

destinations, more than 50 percent sought inbound freight, and almost all

existing carriers sought new outbound lanes from Alcoa shipping destinations.



In addition, the Carrier Relationship Assessment Service revealed that not a

single carrier wanted to accept deliveries that required more than three stops.

In total, Alcoa used the Carrier Relationship Assessment Service to identify 34

areas where it could improve carrier processes, said McGlinch.



Other hard benefits of Alcoa's investment in BestTransport include greater than

99 percent on-time deliveries for the past four years and 100 percent visibility

by SKU from load tender delivery.



"BestTransport's Carrier Relationship Assessment Service doesn't try to replace

a carrier with an automated system," said Susan Moon, vice president of sales

and marketing for KBT, Inc. "Instead, our experience as a long-time preferred

carrier for Alcoa is that the service helped us increase truckload freight

visibility while leveraging our growing network to provide more services to

Alcoa and hold costs down."



"The BestTransport on-demand TMS is proven to provide improved freight

management capabilities while delivering access to the market's most powerful

community of shippers and carriers," said Sam Amore, BestTransport Vice

President of Marketing and Sales. "We are proud of our ability to serve Alcoa

and predict that it will continue to enjoy a strong ROI from its investment in

BestTransport."



About BestTransport



BestTransport, Inc. is a leading provider of online transportation management

solutions (TMS), an on-demand service that enables shippers and carriers to

efficiently plan, execute and settle inbound and outbound freight activities

using best practices. The company's TMS offering enhances freight visibility,

delivers metrics to benchmark progress, reduces transportation costs and

facilitates collaboration. BestTransport connects to over 3,000 shippers and

carriers and processes thousands of shipments daily for industry leaders in

North America, including Alcoa, Allegheny and Bull Moose Tube. Because there is

no software to purchase or licensing commitments, members pay only for the value

received. For more information, visit  http://www.besttransport.com/  or contact

Trisha McClain at 614.888.2378, Ext. 203



   MEDIA CONTACT:

    Trisha McClain

    614-888-2378, x203

 tmcclain@besttransport.com





NOTE TO EDITORS:  A webinar featuring Alcoa Home Exteriors and examining

the company's process for implementing and using the BestTransport TMS will be

conducted at 2 pm ET on July 14. For more information, contact BestTransport

or visit www.BestTransport.com.



CONTACT:  Trisha McClain, +1-614-888-2378, x203, or

 tmcclain@besttransport.com



Web site:   http://www.besttransport.com/



SOURCE BestTransport, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





