aa,PR Newswire,20110412,9:30,331914
                              233 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       April 12, 2011 Tuesday 9:30 AM EST



Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day Highlights: Tractor Supply, Morgan Stanley,

Alcoa, Sanofi-Aventis and Shire



LENGTH: 1468 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, April 12, 2011





CHICAGO, April 12, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Zacks Equity Research highlights Tractor

Supply Co. (Nasdaq: TSCO) as the Bull of the Day and Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS)

the Bear of the Day. In addition, Zacks Equity Research provides analysis on

Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA), Sanofi-Aventis (NYSE: SNY) and Shire (Nasdaq: SHPGY).



View Full analysis of all these stocks



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



Here is a synopsis of all five stocks:



Bull of the Day:



On the back of strong same-store sales, improved merchandise mix, prudent

inventory management and effective cost control, Tractor Supply Co. (Nasdaq:

TSCO) posted better-than-expected fourth-quarter 2010 results. The quarterly

earnings beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $0.62. Furthermore, margins

improved due to portfolio expansion of private label brands and focus on direct

sourcing of merchandise.



The company has set a long-term target of generating 25% of sales from private

label brands and 13% from strategic direct sourcing. Tractor is well positioned

to capitalize on positive long-term trends. The company is expecting sales in

the range of $4.0 billion to $4.07 billion in fiscal 2011.



Moreover, Tractor Supply's nearly debt-free balance sheet augurs well for future

operating performance. Currently we maintain our Outperform recommendation on

the stock.



Bear of the Day:



The implementation of Basel III is expected to reduce Morgan Stanley's (NYSE:

MS) flexibility with respect to its capital in the near term. Though the

company's Tier 1 common ratio is expected to be below the Basel III minimum,

given the lengthy period of implementation of the standard, it will not have to

raise additional funds in the near term.



Moreover, following the Federal Reserve's second round of stress tests, Morgan

Stanley was not granted the green signal to raise its dividend. We do not expect

the company to be able to enhance shareholder value in the near to mid-term.



Our six-month target price of $25.00 equates to about 10.0x our earnings

estimate for 2011. Combined with the $0.20 per share annual dividend, this price

target implies an expected negative total return of 9.1% over that period, which

is consistent with our Underperform recommendation on the shares.



Latest Posts on the Zacks Stock Analysis Blog



Alcoa: Big Year-Over-Year Growth



New York-based Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA) has kicked off another earnings season with

its first quarter posting of 27 cents earnings per share (EPS) on revenues of

$5.96 billion. This met the Zacks Consensus Estimate on the EPS side, but was

down slightly from the $6.112 billion expected on the revenue side.



Shares of Alcoa, the U.S.'s top producer of aluminum, had ticked down 0.84% in

regular Monday trading by 15 cents per share to close at $17.77 before the

company posted its earnings numbers. Since the earnings have been released,

after-market trading for Alcoa went back up a few cents before dropping roughly

3%.



Analysts had been revising their 1st quarter estimates higher for Alcoa over the

course of the past 90 days. This clearly reflected the recent increases in the

price of aluminum, which arrived a bit late to the party compared to the gains

in several other important commodities.



While it is true that aluminum is an important metal in the construction of

autos, airplanes, etc., it is not exactly "Dr. Copper." In fact, if Alcoa did

not mark the traditional start to quarterly earnings season, its earnings report

would like receive less coverage than it currently does.



That said, while Alcoa's numbers this afternoon are not eye-popping, they do

solidify the narrative that the world economy has finally started to regain its

solid footing. Today's earnings report marked the highest EPS for Alcoa since

the company posted 37 cents per share back in the 2nd quarter 2008 -- before the

onset of the Great Recession. And year over year, Alcoa's EPS is even more

impressive: in the 1st quarter of 2010, the company posted only 10 cents per

share in an earnings miss of 16.7%.



Sanofi Acquires Genzyme



Sanofi-Aventis (NYSE: SNY) recently completed its acquisition of biotech company

Genzyme Corporation. With the completion of the acquisition, Genzyme, now a

wholly-owned subsidiary of Sanofi, will be Sanofi's global center for excellence

in rare diseases.



Sanofi said that 237,312,826 shares of Genzyme were validly tendered,

representing about 89.4% of Genzyme's outstanding shares.



As a reminder, per the terms of the deal announced in Feb 2011, Genzyme

shareholders received $74 per share in cash (or $20.1 billion) in addition to a

contingent value right (CVR) for each share. The CVR allows each shareholder to

receive additional payments related to Lemtrada (alemtuzumab for multiple

sclerosis) and the achievement of specified production volumes in 2011 for

Cerezyme and Fabrazyme.



Acquisition to Create New Source of Growth at Sanofi



With this acquisition, Sanofi is looking to create a new source of growth. The

company has a high exposure to generic risk on many of its leading franchises.

The company suffered a blow with the entry of a generic version of its

anti-coagulant Lovenox, which was a major contributor to the top-line.



In addition to Lovenox, we see generic risk to other products as well. In such a

scenario, it is imperative for Sanofi to successfully develop and launch new

products in order to make up for the loss of revenues once major products lose

exclusivity and start facing generic competition. The acquisition of Genzyme

will boost Sanofi's revenues as well as its pipeline.



Sanofi will also get the chance to expand its presence in biotechnology.

Genzyme's lead products include Cerezyme (Gaucher disease) and Fabrazyme

(Fabry's disease). Cerezyme's primary competitor in the Gaucher disease market

is Shire's (Nasdaq: SHPGY) Vpriv.



At the time of announcing the acquisition, Sanofi said that it expects the deal

to be accretive to its business net EPS in the first year after closing. By

2013, the company expects the deal to be accretive by (EURO)0.75 - (EURO)1.00.



Sanofi is using the proceeds from its issuance of $7 billion in

dollar-denominated notes, $7 billion raised through its US commercial paper

program, a drawing of $4 billion on the bridge facility negotiated in October

2010, and available cash, to finance the $20.1 billion acquisition.



Get the full analysis of all these stocks



About the Bull and Bear of the Day



Every day, the analysts at Zacks Equity Research select two stocks that are

likely to outperform (Bull) or underperform (Bear) the markets over the next 3-6

months.



About the Analyst Blog



Updated throughout every trading day, the Stock Analyst Blog provides analysis

from Zacks Equity Research about the latest news and events impacting stocks and

the financial markets.



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous analyst coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded

stocks. Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest

analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leonard Zacks. As a PhD in mathematics Len knew he could find patterns

in stock market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his

many accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system;

the Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1

margin. The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market

insights of Zacks Investment



Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit from the Pros. In

short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to be worth your

time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros.



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/ZacksInvestmentResearch



Subscribe to our YouTube Channel:

http://www.youtube.com/user/ZacksInvestmentNews



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Media ContactZacks Investment Researchhttp://www.zacks.com800-767-3771 ext.

9339support@zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





