aa,U.S. Newswire,20070405,16:24,332295
                              614 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                       April 5, 2007 Thursday 4:24 PM EST



Supreme Court Ruling on Greenhouse Gases Reinforces Need to Consider

Lightweighting to Curb Auto Emissions



SECTION: ENERGY EDITORS



LENGTH: 460 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON,  April 5





Reacting to this week's Supreme Court ruling that the U.S. Environmental

Protection Agency can regulate auto emissions associated with global warming,

The Aluminum Association, Inc. noted that the application of light weight

materials, along with other advanced technologies, represents an excellent

option to help automakers reduce greenhouse gas emissions.



"Lighter cars and trucks consume less fuel and produce fewer tailpipe emissions

which are linked to global warming. Clean diesel, ethanol, hybrids and even fuel

cells all offer incredible potential, and lightweight materials such as aluminum

can greatly enhance each of these promising technologies. Among material

options, high strength, low weight aluminum is well positioned to help

automakers improve the fuel economy and environmental performance of their

products," said Steve Larkin, President of the Aluminum Association, Inc.



The application of automotive aluminum has increased uninterrupted for more than

three decades. Last year, aluminum surpassed iron to become the second most used

automotive material worldwide. With the world's automakers and policymakers

striving for even more greenhouse gas reductions, the aluminum industry expects

to compete aggressively and successfully for new and advanced applications well

into the future.



According to Larkin, "In today's environment, competition for lower weight

materials will be even more spirited. Our colleagues in the steel industry have

acknowledged the importance that lightweight materials must play in the future.

We welcome them to a position that the aluminum industry has occupied for more

than three decades."



"Automakers will always opt for the best material in a given application. From

reduced emissions and better gas mileage, to better crash energy absorption and

the highest recycling rates, aluminum offers outstanding value for a wide-range

of applications. Lightweighting with aluminum - coupled with smart design and

other advanced technologies - can help automakers meet increasingly stricter

fuel, emissions, and safety requirements," according to Larkin.



The Aluminum Association's Auto & Light Truck Group (ALTG) communicates the

benefits of automotive aluminum to help accelerate its market penetration

through research programs and related outreach activities. Its mission is to

serve member companies and act as a central resource for the automotive industry

on aluminum issues. Member companies include: Alcan, Inc., Alcoa, Inc., Aleris

International, Inc., Aluminum Precision Products, Inc., ARCO Aluminum Inc.,

Indalex Aluminum Solutions, Kaiser Aluminum & Chemical Corporation, and Novelis,

Inc.



SOURCE The Aluminum Association, Inc.







Contact: John Fitzpatrick, +1-202-289-2001, for The Aluminum Association, Inc.



LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





