aa,PR Newswire US,20070202,13:00,332318
                              637 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      February 2, 2007 Friday 6:00 PM GMT



www.taipanfinancialnews.com: Four Taipan Financial News Editors to Speak at

World Money Show in Orlando



LENGTH: 516 words



DATELINE: BALTIMORE Feb. 2





BALTIMORE, Feb. 2  /PRNewswire/ -- Taipan editors Adam Lass, Bryan Bottarelli,

Sara Nunnally and Steven Lord have been invited to speak alongside Newt

Gingrich, Harry S. Dent, Paul Kangas and Joe Battipaglia, among others, at the

World Money Show.  The Money Show, held at the Gaylord Palms Resort in Orlando,

Fla., February 7-10, is expected to attract more than 11,000 investors in

attendance.



Adam Lass and Bryan Bottarelli, editors of the increasingly popular investment

publication Wavestrength Options Weekly, have prepared a presentation to show

investors how to amplify blue-chip stock gains of 507% with this simple two-step

system.



They'll show how superior selection and timing, and proper option deployment

enabled them to generate 85.35% average price-weighted maximum gains in 2006 off

classic American blue-chip stocks like Caterpillar and Alcoa.



Whether the markets are up or down, volatile or flat, Adam and Bryan will help

you navigate your way through any market condition with an uncanny sense of

timing, foresight and profitability.  If you like instant gainers, then this is

one speech you won't want to miss.



Adam and Bryan will present on Friday, February 9 at 6 p.m. in the Miami

conference room of the Gaylord Palms.



Taipan's resident commodities expert and Material Profits editor, Sara (S.R.)

Nunnally, will present on Friday, February 9 at 1:40 p.m. in the Miami room.

S.R. will speak about what she knows best.  The global hunt for energy is

getting fierce, and the new players taking the field are leaving increasingly

large footprints.  Oil, gas, coal... they want it all.



The new field is Africa, and its most precious resource has grown 914% in the

last six years.  Find out what it is -- and who's going to get it -- in S.R.

Nunnally's frontline presentation...



Market trend expert Steven Lord, editor of Trend Investor, will explain how to

identify -- and profit from -- strategic trends in today's markets. Lord will

divulge how we identify the trends, how to classify the best stocks for each

phase of a given trend's development, and will touch on the impact of this

approach on portfolio risk.



Lord believes that correct trend exposure over the next 20 years will make the

difference between a mediocre portfolio and an outstanding one.  Lord will speak

on Saturday, February 10 at 8 a.m. in room Sun C.



Wavestrength Options Weekly, Material Profits and Trend Investor are affiliated

with Taipan Financial News ( http://www.taipanfinancialnews.com/ ), a

Baltimore-based publishing company headed by Christoph Amberger, author of Hot

Trading Secrets, and the free e-letter, Dynamic Market Alert.



For more information on the World Money Show, Taipan Financial News' line of

products, Dynamic Market Alert, or to schedule interviews with Mr. Lass, Mr.

Bottarelli, Ms. Nunnally or Mr. Lord, please contact Erin Beale via e-mail at

ebeale@taipangroup.com , or at (410) 454-0410.



CONTACT:  Erin Beale, Taipan Financial News, +1-410-454-0410,

 ebeale@taipangroup.com



Web site:   http://www.taipanfinancialnews.com/



SOURCE Taipan Financial News (www.taipanfinancialnews.com)



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





