aa,PR Newswire,20090224,10:00,332123
                              442 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     February 24, 2009 Tuesday 3:00 PM GMT



New Report Grades Sustainability Reporting of New York Fortune 1000 Companies;

Roberts Environmental Center gives top marks to McGraw Hill, low marks to

Citigroup



LENGTH: 759 words



DATELINE: CLAREMONT, Calif. Feb. 24





CLAREMONT, Calif., Feb. 24 /PRNewswire/ -- The Roberts Environmental Center of

Claremont McKenna College (CMC) today released a detailed analysis of the social

responsibility reporting efforts of New York's top corporations. Titled

"Analysis of Sustainability Reporting in New York Public Companies," the report

contains a compilation of Pacific Sustainability Index scores evaluating the

environmental and social reporting of the 91 New York companies on the 2008

Fortune 1000 list.



The report scores companies based on the reporting, intent, and performance of

environmental and social sustainability efforts. The research, based entirely on

material released on the firms' Web sites, found that several of the largest

firms--IBM, Time Warner, Alcoa, and Hess--did very good jobs of publicizing

details of their socially beneficial actions and environmental management.

Several smaller firms--Pepsi Bottling Group, Avon Products, Estee Lauder, and

McGraw-Hill--were not far behind. The lowest scores were shared by two of the

smallest firms on the list--Icahn Enterprises, a real estate developer, and

NBTY, a maker and distributor of nutritional supplements--and one of the

largest, Citigroup.



"From our previous work on the sustainability reporting of multinationals from

many industrial sectors, we were not surprised that larger companies generally

performed better than smaller ones," said J. Emil Morhardt, Roberts Professor of

Environmental Biology at CMC and director of the Roberts Environmental Center.

"They have greater visibility, are likely to be examined by investors and the

public more closely, and they have more resources to do the data collection and

reporting in the first place." But, as Morhardt pointed out, "There are always

some smaller companies that are proactive in this area, usually those that

believe demonstrations of corporate environmental and social responsibility are

expected from their customers."



To create the report's ranking, Morhardt and his team evaluated each New

York-based Fortune 1000 company's Web site using an abbreviated version of the

Pacific Sustainability Index that excludes sector-specific questions. The index

uses a general systematic questionnaire to analyze the quality of sustainability

reporting. The selection of questions was based on the most frequently-mentioned

topics in almost 1,800 corporate sustainability documents analyzed from 2002

through 2008 by the Roberts Environmental Center. The companies' grades in this

report were assigned on a grading curve, giving an A+ to the highest scoring

company in the New York sample.



"In the current business climate, a demonstration of corporate social

responsibility is more important than ever," continued Morhardt. "What we are

analyzing is the quality of that demonstration--how transparent the companies

are with respect to their environmental and social issues, and how good a job

they are doing resolving any problems they currently have and avoiding future

ones."



The detailed analyses also reveal what social and environmental themes these

companies perceive to be most important to the American public today. The

research screened Web site content to determine the most frequently reported

topics. Companies with environmental achievements tended to tout their

accountability and energy efficiency efforts while socially responsible

businesses highlighted their superior policies and care for human rights.



To view the complete report, visit:

http://www.roberts.cmc.edu/PSI/SectorReports.asp .



About Roberts Environmental Center



The Roberts Environmental Center is an environmental research institute at

Claremont McKenna College located in Claremont, Calif. Its mission is to provide

students with a comprehensive and realistic understanding of today's

environmental issues and the ways in which these issues are being and can be

resolved. The Center strives to identify, publicize, and encourage policies and

practices that achieve economic and social goals in the most environmentally

benign and protective manner.



  "Analysis of Sustainability Reporting in New York Public Companies"

  Scoring Summary



  Highest Overall Scores

  Alcoa

  Hess

  Time Warner



  Highest Environmental Reporting Scores

  Alcoa

  Hess

  Estee Lauder



  Highest Social Reporting Scores

  Hess

  Avon Products

  Alcoa



  Lowest Overall Scores

  IAC/InterActiveCorp

  Icahn Enterprises

  NBTY

  Citigroup





CONTACT: Dorothy Buchanan, Public Affairs of Claremont McKenna College,

+1-909-477-9764



Web Site: http://www.roberts.cmc.edu/PSI/SectorReports.asp



SOURCE Claremont McKenna College



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





