aa,PR Newswire,20080919,9:31,332163
                              482 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     September 19, 2008 Friday 1:31 PM GMT



Seven Summits Research Releases Alerts on GS, JNJ, YHOO, LVS, and AA



LENGTH: 561 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO Sept. 19





CHICAGO, Sept. 19 /PRNewswire/ -- Seven Summits Research issues PriceWatch

Alerts for key stocks.



Seven Summits Strategic Investments' PriceWatch Alerts are available at



http://www.iotogo.com/s/091908A (Note: You may have to copy this link into your

browser then press the [ENTER] key.)



Today's PriceWatch Alerts cover the following stocks: Goldman Sachs Group

Inc.(NYSE:GS), Johnson & Johnson(NYSE:JNJ), Yahoo! Inc.(NASDAQ:YHOO), Las Vegas

Sands Corp.(NYSE:LVS), and Alcoa, Inc.(NYSE:AA).



Along with our PriceWatch Alerts, these brief reports contain a concise market

overview, economic calendar and current news leaders and laggards. PriceWatch

Alerts include hedged trade ideas designed to potentially protect investors from

unexpected market shifts. While other market reports only provide stock news, we

offer strategies that hedge investments against uncertainty. Hedged trades

increase your chances of making a profit, even if a stock goes down.



"Our PriceWatch Alerts go beyond other market reports. Along with a brief

concise market overview, each PriceWatch Alert provides useful strategies, which

ensure potential investments are protected with basic hedging techniques," says

Reid Stratton, Seven Summits Senior Analyst. "This brief report contains

information that can benefit expert and novice investors who want to stay ahead

of the market."



For essential information on stocks poised to move go to:



http://www.iotogo.com/s/091908A for Seven Summits Strategic Investments'

PriceWatch Alerts.



Seven Summits Investment Research is an independent investment research group,

which focuses on the U.S. equities and options markets. Our analytical tools,

screening techniques, rigorous research methods and committed staff provide

solid information to help our clients make the best possible investment

decisions. For more information go to



http://www.sevensummitsinvestmentresearch.com/ . CRD# 137114



Louis Navellier names his Next 5 Googles in his latest special investing

report.Don't invest another dime in the stock market until you read his

just-published stock forecast, The Next Five Googles. Each one of these

companies has received off-the-chart rankings from our time-proven 8-point stock

ranking system that has not only delivered 5,163% cumulative returns in 23 years

but also beaten the S&P 500 by 3-to-1 over the past 10 years. Get the names of

these 5 stocks -- all FREE -- and without any cost, risk or obligation to

purchase a thing now or in the future. Download your FREE report right now!



http://investorplace.com/order/?pc=OP1200



All stocks and options shown are examples only -- not recommendations to buy or

sell. Our picks do not represent a positive or negative outlook on any security.

Potential returns do not take into account your trade size, brokerage

commissions or taxes -- expenses that will affect actual investment returns.

Stocks and options involve risk, thus they are not suitable for all investors.

Prior to buying or selling options, a person should request a copy of

Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options available from Catherine at

800-698-9101 or at



http://www.cboe.com/Resources/Intro.aspx . Privacy policy available upon

request.



CONTACT: Steve Blackbourniski of Seven Summits Investment Research,

+1-434-293-9100



Web site: http://www.sevensummitsstrategicinvestments.com/



SOURCE Seven Summits Investment Research



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





