
                              814 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                              July 30, 2004 Friday



Walter Industries Names Raymond Torok President of U.S. Pipe



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 413 words



DATELINE: TAMPA, Fla. July 30





Walter Industries, Inc. (NYSE: WLT), announced today that Raymond P. Torok, an

accomplished manufacturing executive, has been named President of its U.S. Pipe

& Foundry subsidiary.



Most recently, Mr. Torok served as an Operating Partner at Red Diamond Capital,

a private equity firm. Prior to that, he served as an interim President at

Golden Casting Corporation, a foundry operation producing highly engineered

precision castings. From 1994 through 2003, Mr. Torok served as President & CEO

at Cold Metal Products, a steel production company, and at Philadelphia Gear

Corporation. Mr. Torok worked for more than 25 years at the Aluminum Company of

America (ALCOA), ultimately rising to the position of Vice President and General

Manager of ALCOA's Aerospace Division.



"We are pleased that Ray is assuming leadership of our U.S. Pipe subsidiary. He

brings decades of experience in the manufacturing industry and has a long track

record of managing and improving operations, while also consistently increasing

sales and enhancing profitability," said Don DeFosset, Chairman and Chief

Executive Officer of Walter Industries, Inc. "Ray's managerial and manufacturing

expertise will help U.S. Pipe seize on the growth opportunities in the

industry."



Mr. Torok will assume the duties of President of U.S. Pipe effective August 4,

2004. He will replace Charles Cauthen, Walter Industries' Senior Vice President

and Controller, who has successfully led U.S. Pipe on an interim basis since

April 2004. Mr. Cauthen will be resuming his corporate responsibilities as

Principal Accounting Officer while also directing the Company's merger and

acquisition activities.

    Mr. Torok has a B.A. degree from John Carroll University and an M.B.A from

Butler University.



Walter Industries, Inc., is a diversified company with annual revenues of $1.3

billion. The Company is a leader in affordable homebuilding, related financing,

and water transmission products, and is a significant producer of high-quality

coal for worldwide markets. Based in Tampa, Florida, the Company employs

approximately 5,200 people.



For more information, please call Joe Troy, Senior Vice President of Financial

Services at Walter Industries, at (813) 871-4404, or visit the Company's web

site at http://www.walterind.com.



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20020429/FLM010LOGO-c )



SOURCE Walter Industries, Inc.



CONTACT: Joe Troy, Senior Vice President of Financial Services, Walter

Industries, Inc., +1-813-871-4404



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS EDITOR



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





