aa,PR Newswire US,20070122,13:38,332322
                              641 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      January 22, 2007 Monday 6:38 PM GMT



Caterpillar Unites With Major Businesses and Environmental Leaders to Call for

Action on Global Climate Change



LENGTH: 851 words



DATELINE: PEORIA, Ill. Jan. 22





PEORIA, Ill., Jan. 22  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT)

Chairman and CEO Jim Owens joined a diverse group of businesses and

environmental organizations to call on U.S. policymakers to establish a

mandatory emissions reduction program to address climate change.  Along with

Caterpillar, members of the alliance - known as the U.S. Climate Action

Partnership (USCAP) - include market leaders Alcoa, BP America, Duke Energy,

DuPont, General Electric, PG&E, PNM Resources and four leading non-governmental

organizations - Environmental Defense, Natural Resources Defense Council, Pew

Center on Global Climate Change and World Resources Institute.



At a news conference today at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C., USCAP

released a set of principles and recommendations as the basis to develop a

market-driven policy framework on climate change.



"Caterpillar believes in the need for a market-based approach to the aggressive

development of current and future clean technologies that reduce emissions and

sustain the environment," Owens said. "As a global manufacturer, we're committed

to being part of the process of finding policy solutions that meet the needs of

our customers, including those currently involved in energy production.

Achieving energy independence for our country will require innovation that leads

to new energy sources but also new technologies to improve the use of existing

abundant resources such as coal."



"Clean coal, clean diesel and combined heat and power applications are just a

few examples of critical technologies that must be a part of any climate change

policy. These technologies, coupled with incentives for the development of new,

breakthrough approaches will yield increased sustainability and economic

opportunity," he said.



Caterpillar supports a U. S. federal-level approach that is well integrated into

a harmonized global system of greenhouse gas reduction initiatives, in

particular one that avoids local or regional development of separate paths -

requiring separate technology - in achieving emissions targets. Proposed

solutions also must factor in the broad economic impact as well as the impact on

existing energy sectors.



"Reducing greenhouse gas emissions can - and should - provide more economic

opportunities than risks for industry and the economy," said Owens. "The goals

of reduced emissions and economic growth are not mutually exclusive. As the

world's largest maker of construction and mining equipment and a technology

leader, one of the reasons that Caterpillar is pleased to have a seat at this

table is to focus on market-based solutions to issues that impact manufacturers

and key customer groups, especially coal."



A copy of A Call for Action and background information on the U.S. Climate

Action Partnership may be found at  http://www.us-cap.org/  .



For more than 80 years, Caterpillar Inc. has been making progress possible and

driving positive and sustainable change on every continent. With 2005 sales and

revenues of $36.34 billion, Caterpillar is the world's leading manufacturer of

construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines and industrial

gas turbines. The company is a technology leader in construction,

transportation, mining, forestry, energy, logistics, financing and electric

power generation. Caterpillar is the leading manufacturer and supplier of truck

and bus engines in the combined medium- and heavy-duty categories in North

America, holding the leading position in engine shipments to vehicle

manufacturers since 1999. More information is available at  http://www.cat.com/

.



SAFE HARBOR



Certain statements in this release relate to future events and expectations and

as such constitute forward-looking statements involving known and unknown

factors that may cause actual results of Caterpillar Inc. to be different from

those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. In this context,

words such as "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks,"

"will" or other similar words and phrases often identify forward-looking

statements made on behalf of Caterpillar. It is important to note that actual

results of the company may differ materially from those described or implied in

such forward-looking statements based on a number of factors and uncertainties,

including, but not limited to, changes in economic conditions, currency exchange

rates or political stability; market acceptance of the company's products and

services; significant changes in the competitive environment; changes in law,

regulations and tax rates; and other general economic, business and financing

conditions and factors described in more detail in the company's filings with

the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the quarterly report filed on

Form 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2006. We do

not undertake to update our forward-looking statements.



CONTACT:  Anne Leanos, Corporate Public Affairs, Caterpillar Inc.,

+1-309-675-5813,  leanos_anne@cat.com



Web site:   http://www.cat.com/

 http://www.us-cap.org/



SOURCE Caterpillar Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





