aa,PR Newswire US,20070306,10:00,332305
                              624 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       March 6, 2007 Tuesday 3:00 PM GMT



Vinimaya Forms Partnership with Global Content Works;

Improves Company's Catalog Creation Capabilities



LENGTH: 597 words



DATELINE: SHELTON, Conn. March 6





SHELTON, Conn., March 6  /PRNewswire/ -- Vinimaya, the leading provider of

innovative SRM and supplier enablement solutions for e-procurement, today

announced that it has formed a partnership with Global Content Works, a leading

Enterprise Information Management (EIM) provider. Under the agreement, Global

Content Works will provide OnDemand outsourced catalog content services to

Vinimaya.



"Although our ViniSyndicate Catalog Integration System(TM) solution is often

able get over 90 percent of our clients' catalogable spend accessible to users

via supplier web sites and online catalogs, we have clients who have hundreds of

small suppliers that deliver catalogs via files," said Gary Hare, CEO of

Vinimaya.  "And now, in addition to the small catalog self-service capabilities

built into ViniSyndicate, we can offer Global Content Works' world-class

services to both the buyers and the suppliers."



Global Content Works' roots in the EIM industry are very well regarded. CEO Bill

Zierolf was the former COO of industry pioneer Aspect Development and while

there oversaw Aspect's world-renowned Content Division. In addition to providing

purchasing catalog content services to Vinimaya, Global Content Works also

provides services for sales and marketing, engineering, inventory management,

contract management, human resources, finance, compliance and executive decision

support.



"Vinimaya has changed the way companies deploy e-procurement catalogs by

developing product optimized for accessing online content," stated Zierolf. "But

whether it's helping Vinimaya Buyer Solutions clients organize their remaining

catalogs or helping Vinimaya Supplier Solutions clients develop rich robust

content prior to putting it online, Global Content Works can add much value to

this process."



Vinimaya solutions operate the global MRO and Indirect purchasing portals of

world-class companies such as Alcoa, Sunoco, 3M, Corning and Agilent

Technologies among others, and are 100% compatible with most e-procurement

solutions, including Ariba, SAP and Oracle/PeopleSoft.



About Vinimaya



Vinimaya, Inc. is a privately held software solutions company that provides

Supplier Enablement Solutions for E-Procurement for both buyers and suppliers

based on the patent-pending Vinimaya Intelligent Agent Search (IAS)(TM) that are

100% compatible with e-procurement systems such as Ariba Buyer, SAP EBP, Oracle

iProcurement and PeopleSoft Enterprise eProcurement among others.  Visit

http://www.vinimaya.com/  or call (203) 926-1768



About Global Content Works



Headquartered in North America, Global Content Works is a privately held company

providing a broad range of state-of-the-art content value improvement services

to F100 multi-nationals as well as small and medium enterprises, in the

High-tech, Energy, Healthcare, Transportation, Retail, CPG, Insurance, Financial

and Manufacturing industries. We build better business memory, for more

effective supplier enablement, procurement and catalogs. Please visit

http://www.globalcontentworks.com/  or call (203) 610-8255.



"Vinimaya," "ViniSyndicate," "ViniSyndicate Catalog Integration System,"

"ViniSyndicate Supplier Integration System," "EasyOrder," "Vinimaya Supplier

Solutions," "Vinimaya Buyer Solutions" and "Intelligent Agent Search" are

registered trademarks of Vinimaya, Inc. All other product and company names

listed may be the trademarks of their respective owners.



CONTACT:  Leonard Lee for Vinimaya, Inc., +1-612-670-3445, or

 llee@vinimaya.com



Web site:   http://www.vinimaya.com/

 http://www.globalcontentworks.com/



SOURCE Vinimaya, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





