aa,PR Newswire,20111111,10:52,331839
                              158 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     November 11, 2011 Friday 10:52 AM EST



American Corporate Partners Launches ACP AdvisorNet, a Veteran Focused "Quick

Question Community" this Veterans' Day;

PSA Campaign by Tribal DDB and AOL Seeks Advisors for Veterans



LENGTH: 1567 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK, Nov. 11, 2011





American Corporate Partners (ACP), a nonprofit organization dedicated to helping

veterans transition from the armed services to the civilian workforce, today

launched ACP AdvisorNet, the only online business related "Quick Question

Community" for veterans that provides advice related to career development,

employment, and small business directly from business professionals. And in

partnership with Tribal DDB and AOL, American Corporate Partners have launched a

PSA campaign to build awareness of, and drive participation in the online

community.



ACP AdvisorNet is a non-profit venture comprised of Advisors (any individual

with business experience) and Veterans (those who served in the armed services,

as well as their immediate family members) that aims to help veterans achieve

their career goals through advice and expertise from business leaders across the

U.S. Advisors are asked to connect through Q&A threads and private messaging and

to give an hour a month to answering the business questions of Veterans. All

users can ask or answer questions whenever they want, wherever they are, and are

able to see the professional and/or military backgrounds of other users,

promoting an environment of accountability and trust. Three corporations are

supporting the launch of ACP AdvisorNet this month: Alcoa, Goldman Sachs, and

IBM. ACP AdvisorNet is funded in part by grants from Alcoa Foundation and

Goldman Sachs Gives, a donor-advised fund. Through Goldman Sachs Gives, the firm

and its managing directors have announced support for veterans' initiatives,

through a five-year, $20 million commitment.



"I think it's a really great program, and it's really given me a lot of

confidence," said Joseph Colangelo a veteran who has been part of the ACP

mentoring program this year. "You leave the military with the sense that 'I've

had all this experience, but just don't know how to apply it in the civilian

world.' Having a mentor for guidance who really has that experience and would

want to help me as well was really a big confidence builder."



"As a veteran, I understand the challenges that our service members face in

making the transition back to the civilian workplace," said Jack Bergen, Vice

President Human Resources, Alcoa. "The military provides excellent training and

skills that can be applied to a wide variety of jobs. Alcoa employees are proud

to mentor and support veterans with advice on how to leverage those skills to

achieve their career aspirations. It has been an honor to support ACP and its

mission."



As part of Tribal DDB and AOL's pro-bono effort for ACP, the companies have

created a marketing strategy and online media traffic drivers to explain,

promote and encourage participation in ACP AdvisorNet. The site was designed by

Headspinners/TimDev. Banner advertising that will appear on the AOL.com network

of sites highlights the new and unique Q&A opportunity that ACP AdvisorNet

offers, in addition to providing action steps to get involved. Banners endorse

the importance of giving back to the veteran community, underscoring ACP

AdvisorNet's unique ability to connect with both business leaders and veterans.



"ACP AdvisorNet is the first online community of its kind to directly assist

veterans with their career- and business-related questions," said ACP's Founder

Sid Goodfriend. "This is a non-profit venture whose sole purpose is helping

America's veterans. We will not be selling ad space or data. ACP AdvisorNet aims

to provide an opportunity for business leaders to share their expertise with the

men and women who have served our country. ACP AdvisorNet will also allow

companies to post employment opportunities for veterans at no charge."



IBM is promoting ACP AdvisorNet by inviting U.S.-based employees to volunteer as

Advisors. Robin Willner, Vice President of Global Community Initiatives, spoke

about IBM's support of ACP: "IBM is pleased to continue our partnership with

American Corporate Partners' Mentor Program and deepen our commitment by

supporting the ACP AdvisorNet platform. We believe IBM employees will value

working with veterans as they seek guidance on transitioning into the business

world, and we look forward to supporting ACP as they build their online

community."



"ACP AdvisorNet's platform affords everyday Americans the opportunity to connect

with veterans and give back in very practical ways such as sharing resume

writing skills, providing career change guidance, or giving advice on how to

start a small business," said Paul Gunning, CEO of Tribal DDB Worldwide. "We're

extremely excited and honored to work with ACP as its strategic partner to help

drive awareness of, and participation in this program."



PSA advertising starting this month aims to generate awareness and encourage

vets and members of the community to sign up for the program. Advertising will

continue until the end of the month with targeted messaging aimed toward

veterans and the business community. Interested veterans and immediate family of

service members as well as members of the business community are encouraged to

register at http://acp-advisornet.org. Friends of ACP are also invited to follow

American Corporate Partners on Facebook and @acpusa on Twitter.



About Tribal DDB Worldwide



Tribal DDB Worldwide (www.tribalddb.com), an Advertising Age A-List Agency, is

headquartered in New York with 60 offices spanning 42 countries around the

globe. Since it was founded in 2000, Tribal DDB has expanded and been recognized

well beyond its digital roots. By 2005, Tribal DDB was named Interactive Agency

of the Year by Adweek and at the Cannes International Advertising Festival,

where it took home the most Lions and the Cyber Grand Prix. This was followed in

2007 by Tribal DDB being the first "digital" agency to win Global Agency Network

of the Year from Advertising Age, and then, in 2009, being the first to win the

Grand Prix in Film at the International Advertising Festival at Cannes. Tribal

DDB continues to draw on its expertise in digital innovation and its heritage of

creativity and insights to bring clients the most effective and differentiating

marketing solutions for today's world. Tribal DDB Worldwide is part of Omnicom

Group's DDB Worldwide.



About AOL



AOL Inc. is a leading global Web services company with an extensive suite of

brands and offerings and a substantial worldwide audience. AOL's business spans

online content, products and services that the company offers to consumers,

publishers and advertisers. AOL is focused on attracting and engaging consumers

and providing valuable online advertising services on both AOL's owned and

operated properties and third-party websites. In addition, AOL operates one of

the largest internet subscription access services in the United States, which

serves as a valuable distribution channel for AOL's consumer offerings.



About The Alcoa Foundation



Alcoa Foundation is one of the largest corporate foundations in the U.S., with

assets of approximately $436 million. Founded more than 50 years ago, Alcoa

Foundation has invested more than $530 million since 1952. In 2010, Alcoa

Foundation contributed nearly $20 million to nonprofit organizations throughout

the world, focusing on promoting environmental stewardship, enabling economic

and social sustainability, and preparing tomorrow's leaders through education

and learning. The work of Alcoa Foundation is further enhanced by Alcoa's

thousands of employee volunteers, who in 2010 gave more than 720,000 service

hours. Through the company's signature Month of Service (October) program, Alcoa

employees share their energy, passion and purpose to make a difference in our

communities. In 2010, a record 49 percent of Alcoans took part in nearly 1,000

Month of Service events across 24 countries, reaching 59,000 children, serving

17,000 meals, planting 16,000 trees and supporting 3,000 nonprofit

organizations. For more information about Alcoa Foundation, please access

www.alcoa.com/foundation.



About Goldman Sachs Gives



Goldman Sachs Gives is a donor-advised fund -- a public charity that maintains

individual accounts for donors who recommend grants to qualified non-profit

organizations from their accounts. Established in 2007, Goldman Sachs Gives

enables Goldman Sachs and its people to leverage their donations to charities in

the communities where they live and work, or elsewhere around the globe. The

focus of this organization is on those areas that have been proven to be

fundamental to creating jobs and economic growth, building and stabilizing

communities, honoring service and veterans and increasing educational

opportunities.



About IBM



To obtain more information about IBM, please visit www.ibm.com.



About American Corporate Partners (ACP)



American Corporate Partners (ACP) is a nonprofit organization dedicated to

helping veterans transition from the armed services to the civilian workforce

through mentoring, career counseling, and networking with professionals from

some of America's finest corporations and select universities. Through two free

programs, our national Mentoring Program and ACP AdvisorNet, a "Quick Question

Community," ACP offers veterans tools for networking and long-term career

development and hopes to simultaneously strengthen the connection between

corporate America and those who have served in the military.



SOURCE Tribal DDB Worldwide







CONTACT:Kaya Lobaczewski, Tribal DDB Worldwide, +1-212-515-8348



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





