aa,PR Newswire,20080929,11:00,332159
                              478 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     September 29, 2008 Monday 3:00 PM GMT



Vinimaya Announces New Release of SmartSearch Catalog(TM);

5.0 Version Features a New User Interface, Enhanced Price Management

Functionality and UNSPSC Support



LENGTH: 673 words



DATELINE: SHELTON, Conn. Sept. 29





SHELTON, Conn., Sept. 29 /PRNewswire/ -- Vinimaya, the leading provider of next

generation E-Procurement Catalog and B2B Shopping Solutions, today announced the

release of version 5.0 of its innovative SmartSearch Catalog(TM) solution.

SmartSearch Catalog is already the choice of leading global companies like

Sunoco, 3M, Alcoa, Corning, UPMC and Agilent Technologies for driving

e-procurement benefits with simplified supplier enablement and increased user

adoption.



New features and functionality of the SmartSearch Catalog version 5.0 release

include:



-- Improved User Interface



Vinimaya pioneered the application of consumer-like usability in e-Procurement

catalogs in previous versions of the SmartSearch Catalog solution, and version

5.0's user interface takes this concept to the next level, providing end users

with a Web 2.0 look-and-feel and the ability to customize the user interface to

serve their specific needs. Features like auto-complete, header-based sorting,

one-click ordering, cart sharing, and "drag and drop" objects simplify and

improve upon what was already to be considered the best user experience in the

market.



-- Enhanced Price Management and Auditing



SmartSearch Catalog is the only solution on the market that gives buyers the

ability to manage and audit pricing of web-based and punchout catalogs. With

version 5.0, Vinimaya has made this capability more robust and user friendly.

With just a few clicks of a mouse, automatic price audits can be set up for each

supplier punchout site, validating that the supplier's pricing is compliant with

the buyer's contracted pricing, and sending an alert to the buyer if it is not.



-- Enhanced Taxonomy Support



SmartSearch Catalog's built-in UNSPSC mapping tool now has cross- reference

functionality that allows buyers to convert supplier-provided UNSPSC codes for a

given category to the buyer's defined UNSPSC code in real-time as needed, or to

a buyer proprietary code.



-- Enhanced Shopping Cart Functionality



SmartSearch Catalog users can now share their shopping carts with other users;

they can compare items in the shopping cart, including configurable items.



"These enhancements are a direct result of buyer and supplier feedback," said

Gary Hare, Vinimaya president and CEO. "Making enablement easy for suppliers,

attracting users with a simple but highly functional user interface, and

providing the compliance tools that can both restrict, or open up the ordering

process, depending on the business situation, is what our clients and prospects

are asking for."



SmartSearch Catalog is based on Vinimaya's patent-pending SmartSearch Agent(TM)

technology platform, and allows users to search and shop directly from

suppliers' web sites, industry marketplaces, catalog aggregators and supplier

networks; as well as their internal catalog database, all from a single user

interface, without ever leaving their e-procurement system. SmartSearch Catalog

is compatible with all leading e-procurement systems such as Ariba Buyer, Oracle

iProcurement, PeopleSoft Enterprise eProcurement and SAP SRM/EBP among others.



About Vinimaya



Vinimaya, Inc. is a privately held software solutions company that provides

innovative E-Procurement Catalog and B2B Shopping Solutions for both buyers and

suppliers based on their patent-pending Vinimaya SmartSearch Agent(TM)

technology platform. Vinimaya products are 100% compatible with systems from

Ariba, SAP, Oracle and PeopleSoft among others and are used by global companies

such as Alcoa, 3M, Corning, EDS, Sunoco, UPMC and Agilent Technologies. For more

information, please visit http://www.vinimaya.com/ , email sales@vinimaya.com or

call 888-618-8634.



"Vinimaya", "Vinimaya SmartSearch Catalog", Vinimaya SmartSearch Agents",

"VISN", Virtual Internet Supplier Network", are registered trademarks of

Vinimaya, Inc. All other product and company names listed may be the trademarks

of their respective owners.



CONTACT: Leonard Lee of Vinimaya, Inc., +1-612-670-3445,

 llee@vinimaya.com



Web site: http://www.vinimaya.com/



SOURCE Vinimaya



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





