aa,PR Newswire,20081029,18:52,332148
                              467 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                    October 29, 2008 Wednesday 10:52 PM GMT



Lockheed Martin JLTV Team Awarded $36 Million Contract, Advances to Program's

Technology Development Phase



LENGTH: 512 words



DATELINE: OWEGO, N.Y. Oct. 29





OWEGO, N.Y., Oct. 29 /PRNewswire/ -- The U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corps today

selected Lockheed Martin(NYSE:LMT)as one of three companies to continue

development on the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle (JLTV) program. Lockheed Martin

Systems Integration, Owego, NY, which leads the JLTV Team as prime contractor,

will receive a $35.9 million contract from the two services for the program's

27-month technology development phase.



"We are honored that trust has been placed in Lockheed Martin and our JLTV Team

to continue development of this vital program," said Louis DeSantis, vice

president and general manager of Ground Vehicle Systems at Lockheed Martin. "We

are committed to meeting the demanding program requirements and providing the

lowest-risk, most technically innovative vehicle that serves our Soldiers and

Marines."



The technology development contract will be 27 months in duration. The first 15

months require competitors to develop and deliver seven JLTV variants, four

trailers, four blast hulls, and ballistic panels that will be used for testing.

The remaining 12 months are scheduled for government testing. The Technology

Development phase will then be followed by a Systems Design and Development

phase and, later, by a production contract.



Lockheed Martin currently has three operational prototypes: the JLTV Category B

model, which is designed as an infantry carrier and was unveiled in October

2007; the Utility Vehicle Light Category C model, which is designed with a focus

on payload and was introduced in February 2008; and the General Purpose Mobility

Category A model, which was unveiled earlier this month at the Association of

the United States Army's Annual Meeting and Exhibition.



Lockheed Martin is currently in the process of building its fourth JLTV

prototype, an additional variant of the Infantry Carrier, and anticipates

completing production in November.



The Lockheed Martin-led JLTV Team includes:



-- BAE Systems Mobility & Protection Systems, providing advanced armor solutions

and production facilities for high volume assembly;



-- Alcoa Defense, supplying materials experience, design services and aluminum

components that give the vehicle its structural strength at reduced weight; and



-- JWF - Defense Systems, offering state-of-the-art machining and cost-effective

fabrication.



Lockheed Martin serves as the prime contractor and design agent, providing

systems engineering, platform integration, design expertise, and program and

supply chain management.



Headquartered in Bethesda, MD, Lockheed Martin is a global security company that

employs about 140,000 people worldwide and is principally engaged in the

research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of

advanced technology systems, products and services. The corporation reported

2007 sales of $41.9 billion.



For additional information, visit our Web site: http://www.lockheedmartin.com/



CONTACT: Jeff Brown, Lockheed Martin, +1-607-751-3200,

 jeff.brown@lmco.com



Web site: http://www.lockheedmartin.com/si

 http://www.lockheedmartin.com/



SOURCE Lockheed Martin



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





