aa,PR Newswire US,20060921,10:30,332354
                              673 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                    September 21, 2006 Thursday 2:30 PM GMT



Dellisart Lodging Opens 80-Suite Staybridge Suites in Davenport, Iowa



LENGTH: 400 words



DATELINE: DAVENPORT, Iowa Sept. 21





DAVENPORT, Iowa, Sept. 21  /PRNewswire/ -- Officials of Dellisart Lodging, a

hotel ownership, management, development and acquisition group, today announced

that it has opened the 80-suite Staybridge Suites in Davenport, Iowa.  The hotel

is owned by Shree Balaji, LLC, and operated by Dellisart.



"This is an excellent hotel and the finest upscale extended-stay hotel in this

market," said Douglas E. Artusio, Dellisart founder, chairman and CEO. "The

hotel has a broad cross section of customers and already has been well received

by the Quad Cities."



Located at 4729 Progress Drive just off of Interstate 74, the four-story

Staybridge Suites Davenport is designed to serve guests who stay at a hotel five

nights or longer.  Each of the hotel's 80, one-bedroom suites provides a

separate parlor and full kitchen.  The smoke-free hotel's amenities include free

high-speed and wireless Internet access, an indoor swimming pool and whirlpool,

health club facilities, business center, gift shop, free on-site guest laundry

facilities, library, complimentary hot breakfast buffet and "Sundowner"

receptions three mid-week nights per week.



"We are centrally located to the major businesses in the area including the Rock

Island Arsenal, Deere & Company, Alcoa and Genesis Hospital," said Matt Grafton,

general manager.  "We also are ideal for families visiting the area, especially

for the many festivals held in the Quad Cities."



Alpharetta, Ga.-based Dellisart Lodging is an owner, acquirer, manager and

developer of nationally branded, quality hotels throughout the United States and

China.  The company currently owns and manages three Staybridge Suites and is

developing four additional properties aggregating 1,000 guest rooms and suites

in five states, and China, under such well-known brands as Staybridge Suites and

Wingate Inn.  Dellisart has focused initially on the extended-stay segment and

has branched into the 5 star, full-service arena in China, with plans of growth

in Mexico, Caribbean, Europe, Middle East and Asia. In 2005, Dellisart Lodging

formed a JV in China under the name of Dellisart America Hotels & Resorts, with

offices in Beijing. The joint venture plans to have 50 hotels in the portfolio

of managed hotels in the next five years.



Contact:  Chris Daly, Jerry Daly media



Ph: 703-435-6293



CONTACT:  Chris Daly or Jerry Daly, +1-703-435-6293, for Dellisart

Lodging



SOURCE Dellisart Lodging



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





