aa,PR Newswire,20120423,17:39,331778
                              97 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       April 23, 2012 Monday 5:39 PM EST



Owens Corning earns place among nation's elite climate-related innovators



LENGTH: 464 words



DATELINE: TOLEDO, Ohio, April 23, 2012





Owens Corning (NYSE: OC), a leading global producer of glass fiber

reinforcements for composite systems and residential and commercial building

materials, has been nationally recognized by Maplecroft Climate Innovation

Indexes as a leader in the innovation of clean-tech solutions and new products,

the mitigation of climate change related risks and the management of carbon

emissions.



The Maplecroft Climate Innovation Indexes (CIIs) are comprehensive studies of

the country's largest multinational companies and how they manage and adapt to

climate change, with a special focus on innovation.



This rating of the 360 largest U.S.-based companies ranks Owens Corning 80th

among the top 100 companies with free-float market capitalization of more than

$1 billion.



Maplecroft rated each company against more than 100 criteria, including:

technological innovation and new working practices to combat climate change

impacts; management of climate-related issues; adaption to physical

climate-related risks, such as flooding or more extreme weather events

throughout the supply chain; and, the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.



"It's an honor to have earned a place on this list," said Owens Corning Chief

Sustainability Officer Frank O'Brien-Bernini. "Owens Corning is committed to

balancing economic growth with social progress and environmental stewardship as

we deliver more sustainable solutions to our building materials and composites

customers around the world.



"We are particularly proud that a special emphasis was placed on innovation, a

core value and a practice which Owens Corning has a rich history - and an

exciting future," he added.



Other companies who share a place on this list include GE, Alcoa, Johnson

Controls, Ford and Intel. According to Maplecroft, Owens Corning is among a list

of companies that will enable investors to identify the most resilient and

innovative companies with the best long-term growth prospects. Maplecroft

believes these companies are best positioned to succeed in the climate-changed,

low-carbon environment of the future.



More information is available at www.maplecroft.com.



About Owens CorningOwens Corning (NYSE: OC) is a leading global producer of

residential and commercial building materials, glass-fiber reinforcements and

engineered materials for composite systems. A Fortune® 500 company for 57

consecutive years, Owens Corning is committed to driving sustainability by

delivering solutions, transforming markets and enhancing lives. Founded in 1938,

Owens Corning is a market-leading innovator of glass-fiber technology with sales

of $5.3 billion in 2011 and about 15,000 employees in 28 countries on five

continents. Additional information is available at www.owenscorning.com.



SOURCE Owens Corning







CONTACT:Owens Corning, +1-419-248-8000



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





