aa,PR Newswire,20111121,4:14,331834
                              153 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      November 21, 2011 Monday 4:14 AM EST



Newport Beach Women-Owned Fund of Hedge Funds and Business Leader Participates

in White House Forum on Jobs and American Economic Competitiveness;

White House Business Leaders' Forum Convenes More Than 120 Leaders from 28

States



LENGTH: 649 words



DATELINE: NEWPORT BEACH, Calif., Nov. 21, 2011





WASHINGTON, D.C. - Kimberly Mounts, Managing Partner of MAP Alternative Asset

Management Company, a women-owned Fixed Income Fund of Hedge Funds, was one of

120 business leaders who participated in a White House Business Leaders' Forum

recently in Washington, DC. The forum brought together CEO's, senior executives,

investors, venture capitalists and small business owners for a chance to share

data, ask questions and raise concerns over how to create jobs and improve

America's economic competitiveness.



Senior officials, including White House Senior Advisor Valerie Jarrett, NEC

Director Gene Sperling, Commerce Secretary John Bryson, Deputy Chief of Staff

Nancy Ann DeParle, and Federal CTO Aneesh Chopra participated in briefings that

covered a range of business issues, from regulatory reform to exports, tax

reform and the American Jobs Act.



"Seven out of 10 participants were CEOs and Presidents - and nearly all of them

called for dramatic, bipartisan action to address long-term deficits and

expressed a desire to create more jobs - but few of them have ever had the

opportunity to share their experience and expertise with White House officials

here in Washington," said Jim Doyle, president of Business Forward. "If more

local business leaders get involved, we have a better chance at meaningful,

pro-growth reform."



Ms. Mounts was privileged to attend the White House Business Forum not only as a

women-owned business, but also as the only Hedge Fund representative attending

the event. Kimberly Mounts states "The access to Senior Administration Officials

and the ability to engage in a meaningful dialogue at the White House is truly a

once in a lifetime event. The sheer determination of President Obama's

Administration to work with Businesses in moving our Country forward, despite a

solid roadblock in Congress, is truly admirable. The White House Council and

Business Forward are phenomenal organizations with diverse and numerous programs

dedicated to furthering Small Businesses and creating jobs throughout the

Country."



About Business Forward



More than 100 senior Obama Administration officials have participated in

Business Forward programming, which is now active in more than 40 cities and has

included briefings with thousands of local business leaders. Business Forward

counts more than 30 of America's most respected companies among its Founding and

National members, including Aetna, Alcoa, American Airlines, AT&T, Bank of New

York Mellon, CIT, Citi, Comcast, Dow, Duke, Facebook, Fidelity, Ford, Hilton,

HP, Intuit, KPMG, Lockheed, McDonalds, Microsoft, Nike, Qualcomm, Shell,

T-Mobile, Time Warner, Time Warner Cable, Verizon, Visa and Wal-Mart. On the

web: http://www.businessfwd.org



About MAP Alternative Asset Management Company



MAP Alternative Asset Management Company is a women-owned Fixed Income Fund of

Hedge Funds and SEC Registered Investment Advisor with Assets under Advisement

in excess of $25 Billion. MAP recently has been retained by one of the Nation's

Largest Public Pensions as a Consultant on their Hedge Fund Portfolio and was a

finalist for the $6 Billion Chicago Teachers Emerging Manager Fund of Hedge

Funds mandate. MAP is also advising Fortune 50 Corporate Pensions on their Fixed

Income and Fixed income Hedge Fund Portfolios. Founded in 2006, by Ms. Kimberly

Mounts, who previously held positions at Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley as a

Fixed Income Derivative Product Specialist in New York City, MAP is located in

Newport Beach, California. For more information on MAP Alternative Asset

Management Company, visit www.maamco.com or contact Andrea Drexelius at (949)

287.0125 or via e-mail at adrexelius@maamco.com



Media Contact: Andrea Drexelius, MAP Alternative Asset Management Company,

949.287.0125, adrexelius@maamco.com



News distributed by PR Newswire iReach: https://ireach.prnewswire.com



SOURCE MAP Alternative Asset Management Company



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





