aa,PR Newswire US,20070402,9:00,332296
                              615 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                        April 2, 2007 Monday 1:00 PM GMT



Polymer Group, Inc. Appoints Veronica Hagen Chief Executive Officer;

Nonwovens Material Supplier Names Former Paper Industry Head



LENGTH: 1053 words



DATELINE: CHARLOTTE, N.C. April 2





CHARLOTTE, N.C., April 2  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Polymer Group, Inc. (OTC

Bulletin Board: POLGA; POLGB) (PGI) announced today that Veronica "Ronee" M.

Hagen has been appointed chief executive officer and a member of the board of

directors, effective April 23, 2007.



Hagen brings over 25 years of extensive operations and global industrial market

experience with large, international public companies to PGI, a leading

engineered materials supplier with over $1 billion in sales.



Since 2004, Hagen has held the position of president and chief executive officer

of Sappi Fine Paper North America, a $1.4 billion division of the South

African-based global leader in the pulp and paper industry, Sappi Limited

(NYSE:SPP).  At Sappi, she achieved year-over-year improvement in cash flow and

profitability with a strong focus on safety, productivity and working capital

management while also fostering growth by providing added value to customers.



"As the nominating committee began its search six months ago for a new CEO, our

primary goal was to identify candidates with a high level of stature and

leadership.  Flowing from that criterion was the desire for someone with a

record of success, strong industrial experience in a global marketplace and a

strong focus on the customer," said William B. Hewitt, PGI's chairman and

interim chief executive officer.



"Ronee Hagen meets all of those qualifications and joins PGI with an outstanding

record of performance and expertise in capital-intensive industrial markets.

She has demonstrated the ability to grow profitability in some very tough

businesses, and has done so with a customer-centric focus.  We are confident

these characteristics make her the perfect person to lead PGI into its next

phase of growth, profitability and success," Hewitt said.



Prior to working for Sappi, Hagen served in various executive roles with Alcoa

Inc. (NYSE:AA), the world's leading aluminum producer, where she was the first

woman to serve as a business unit president and won numerous global business

awards for her performance.  During her tenure at Alcoa, she held various

executive level positions with responsibilities ranging from full profit and

loss accountability for a $2 billion division with 21 plants, to chief customer

officer charged with furthering a customer-centric culture. She also served as

an executive vice president at Alumax, Inc., before it was acquired by Alcoa.

Hagen began her career as an entrepreneur starting her own business in the

metals industry, which she grew and sold before joining Alumax.  She currently

serves on the board of directors for Newmont Mining Corp. (NYSE:NEM) and

previously for Jacuzzi Brands, Inc., formerly traded on the NYSE.



"I am pleased to be joining a company with as much potential for growth as PGI,"

said Hagen.  "PGI has established itself as an industry leader and I look

forward to leading the company in its pursuit of higher levels of growth and

profitability.  I believe a critical component of the company's success will be

its continued commitment to its customers and innovation.  My goal will be to

achieve significant growth by focusing on collaborative relationships to develop

a successful value chain that will provide customers with what they need to

succeed."



Hagen holds a Bachelor of Science in International Relations from the University

of Southern California and has participated in an Executive Education program in

Finance from the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania and an Executive

Leadership program at Harvard University.  She will be relocating from Boston,

Mass. to the Charlotte, N.C. area, the site of PGI's global headquarters.



Hewitt will remain chairman of the board of directors of PGI and continue to

serve the company in an advisory capacity to aid in the transition to Hagen as

CEO. He has served as interim CEO since September 2006.



Polymer Group, Inc., one of the world's leading producers of nonwovens, is a

global, technology-driven developer, producer and marketer of engineered

materials. With the broadest range of process technologies in the nonwovens

industry, PGI is a global supplier to leading consumer and industrial product

manufacturers.  The company operates 21 manufacturing and converting facilities

throughout the world.



Safe Harbor Statement



Except for historical information contained herein, the matters set forth in

this press release are forward-looking statements that involve certain risks and

uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those

described in the forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of

the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of

1934. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this

release.  Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially

from those discussed in such forward-looking statements include: general

economic factors including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates,

foreign currency translation rates, consumer confidence, trends in disposable

income, changes in consumer demand for goods produced, and cyclical or other

downturns; substantial debt levels and potential inability to maintain

sufficient liquidity to finance the company's operations and make necessary

capital expenditures; inability to meet existing debt covenants; information and

technological advances; changes in environmental laws and regulations; cost and

availability of raw materials, labor and natural and other resources and the

inability to pass raw material cost increases along to customers; domestic and

foreign competition; reliance on major customers and suppliers; and risks

related to operations in foreign jurisdictions.  Investors and other readers are

directed to consider the risks and uncertainties discussed in documents filed by

Polymer Group, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the

company's Annual Report on Form 10-K.



  For further information, please contact:



   Dennis Norman

   Vice President - Strategic Planning & Communication

   (704) 697-5186

    normand@pginw.com





CONTACT:  Dennis Norman, Vice President - Strategic Planning &

Communication of Polymer Group, Inc., +1-704-697-5186,  normand@pginw.com



Web site:   http://www.polymergroupinc.com/



SOURCE Polymer Group, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





