aa,PR Newswire US,20070309,15:17,332304
                              623 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                        March 9, 2007 Friday 8:17 PM GMT



Robert A. Brown, Bertrand P. Collomb Nominated for Election to DuPont Board of

Directors;

Alain Belda and Charles Vest to Retire from DuPont Board



LENGTH: 436 words



DATELINE: WILMINGTON, Del. March 9





WILMINGTON, Del., March 9  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- DuPont (NYSE:DD) today

announced that Robert A. Brown, president of Boston University, and Bertrand P.

Collomb, chairman and former chief executive officer of Paris- based Lafarge,

will be nominees for election to its board of directors during the company's

annual stockholders meeting on April 25.



DuPont also said Alain J.P. Belda, chairman and chief executive officer of Alcoa

Inc., and Charles M. Vest, president emeritus of the Massachusetts Institute of

Technology (MIT), have elected to retire from DuPont's board of directors after

seven and 14 years of service, respectively, and will not stand for election at

the annual meeting.



"The contributions of Alain and Chuck have been instrumental in the

transformation of DuPont into a sustainable growth company," said Charles O.

Holliday, Jr., DuPont chairman and chief executive officer.  "We are grateful

for their unwavering dedication and service on the board and we wish them the

best."



"Robert and Bertrand will provide a wealth of experience and knowledge to the

DuPont board," Holliday added.  "We will benefit from their unique perspectives

and understandings, especially in applied science, as we continue to grow as a

science-based products and services company."



Brown, 55, is president of Boston University and former provost and professor at

MIT.  He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences; member of the

President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology; member of the

American Academy of Arts and Sciences; and member of the National Academy of

Engineering.



Collomb, 64, is chairman and former CEO of Lafarge, a global manufacturer of

building materials in Paris, and is also a director of Total and ATCO Ltd. He is

chairman of Association Francaise des Enterprises Privees and the French

Institute of International Relations.  He served as chairman of the World

Business Council for Sustainable Development; was the founder of the Center for

Management Research at the Ecole Polytechnique; and is a member of the Institut

de France.



DuPont is a science-based products and services company. Founded in 1802, DuPont

puts science to work by creating sustainable solutions essential to a better,

safer, healthier life for people everywhere. Operating in more than 70

countries, DuPont offers a wide range of innovative products and services for

markets including agriculture and food; building and construction;

communications; and transportation.



CONTACT:  Anthony Farina of DuPont, +1-302-774-4005, or

 anthony.r.farina@usa.dupont.com



Web site:   http://www.dupont.com/



SOURCE DuPont



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





