aa,PR Newswire,20121005,8:30,331717
                              36 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       October 5, 2012 Friday 8:30 AM EST



Lincoln International Represents Century Plastics in its Transaction with

Autometal, S.A., the Brazilian Publicly-Traded Subsidiary of CIE Automotive



LENGTH: 551 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK, Oct. 5, 2012





Lincoln International LLC ("Lincoln"), a leading global middle market investment

bank, has announced that Century Plastics, Inc. ("CPI" or the "Company") has

completed a transaction under which Autometal, S.A. ("Autometal"), a Brazilian

publicly-traded subsidiary of the Spanish component group CIE Automotive, S.A.

("CIE"), has acquired a 65% shareholding in the Company.



(Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20121005/CG87535 )



CPI is a leading designer and manufacturer of high-quality injection molded and

compression molded assemblies for the vehicle interior, including seat, window

and door trim, rear cargo assemblies, seat backs, cup holders, structural and

carpeted load floors and more. Founded in 1999 and based in Shelby Township,

Michigan, CPI has experienced rapid growth and offers a wide range of products

to its long-standing blue-chip customer base.



Robert Satow, Managing Director and Co-Head of Lincoln's Global Automotive &

Truck Group, commented, "We are delighted to have had the opportunity to work

with Century Plastics, Autometal and CIE Automotive on this important

transaction and look forward to continuing to work with the Company as it

executes its growth strategy. This is the first Brazil-US transaction we have

completed in the automotive space, and it coincides with the opening of our Sao

Paulo office."



Lincoln International acted as the exclusive financial advisor to CPI, working

closely with the Company throughout the process. This included providing

advisory expertise and managing the preparatory, marketing, negotiation and due

diligence phases of the transaction.



About Lincoln International

Lincoln International specializes in merger and acquisition advisory services,

debt advisory services, private capital raising and restructuring advice on

mid-market transactions. Lincoln International also provides fairness opinions,

valuations and pension advisory services on a wide range of transaction sizes.

With thirteen offices in the Americas, Asia and Europe, Lincoln International

has strong local knowledge and contacts in key global economies. The firm

provides clients with senior-level attention, in-depth industry expertise and

integrated resources. By being focused and independent, Lincoln International

serves its clients without conflicts of interest.



About Lincoln International's Global Automotive & Truck Group

Lincoln International's Global Automotive & Truck Group specializes in

automotive component transactions in the mid-market. The group's highly

integrated, international team of M&A professionals has extensive experience

advising the leading Tier I suppliers in the industry, as well as privately-held

and private equity owned companies supplying automotive components, systems and

services. Lincoln International's Global Automotive & Truck Group has now

advised on 40 transactions since the beginning of 2010. Selected corporate

clients of Lincoln International in the automotive and truck industry include

Alcoa, Amerigon, Bosch, Cummins, Delphi, Freudenberg, Johnson Controls,

Trelleborg, Tyco Electronics, Valeo and Wanxiang.



More information about Lincoln International can be obtained at

http://www.lincolninternational.com



Media Contact: Mary Weber, mweber@lincolninternational.com , +1-312-506-2762



SOURCE Lincoln International LLC



LOAD-DATE: October 06, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





