aa,PR Newswire US,20060321,11:00,332388
                              707 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       March 21, 2006 Tuesday 4:00 PM GMT



BP and Dupont Receive Top Scores in First-Ever Ranking of 100 Global Companies

on Climate Change Strategies



LENGTH: 1541 words



DATELINE: BOSTON March 21





BOSTON, March 21  /PRNewswire/ -- After years of inaction, a growing number of

leading U.S. companies are confronting the business challenges from global

warming, recognizing that greenhouse gas limits are inevitable and that they

cannot risk falling behind their international competitors in developing

climate-friendly technologies. Some U.S. companies, such as General Electric,

are catching up and joining DuPont and Alcoa in leading their industries. But

many others are still largely ignoring the climate issue with "business as

usual" strategies that may be putting their companies and shareholders at risk.



These are among the key findings of a first-ever report issued today by the

Ceres investor coalition that analyzes how 100 leading companies are addressing

the growing financial risks and opportunities from climate change - - whether

from expanding greenhouse gas regulations, direct physical impacts or surging

demand for climate-friendly technologies. Altogether, 76 U.S. companies and 24

non-U.S. companies in 10 business sectors are profiled in the report.



"More U.S. companies realize that climate change is an enormous business issue

that they need to manage immediately," said Mindy S. Lubber, president at Ceres,

which published the report Corporate Governance and Climate Change: Making the

Connection. "Investor pressure, expanding greenhouse gas limits and surging

global demand for clean-energy products are compelling U.S. businesses to act,

although many others still fail to recognize the enormity of this issue.

Ultimately, management and board members at all 100 of these companies need to

make climate a top governance priority."



The report uses a "Climate Governance Checklist" to evaluate how major

industrial corporations are addressing climate change in five broad areas: board

oversight, management performance, public disclosure, greenhouse gas emissions

accounting and strategic planning. The report took nine months to complete and

uses data from securities filings, company reports, company websites,

third-party questionnaires and direct company communications.



Using a 100-point scoring system, the report ranked the largest companies in the

oil/gas, electric power, auto, chemical, industrial equipment, mining/metals,

coal, food products, forest products and air transportation sectors, with

operations in the United States. The scoring system gave most credit to

companies with a sustained commitment to controlling greenhouse gas emissions,

disclosing data and strategies, supporting regulatory actions, and taking

practical, near-term steps to find lasting solutions to climate change. (Company

scores, profiles and the summary report are available at  http://www.ceres.org/

)



  Among the industry sector leaders and laggards:



   Sector               Leaders                    Laggards

   Oil/Gas              BP (90 points*)            ExxonMobil (35)

   Chemical             DuPont (85**)              PPG (21)

   Metals/Mining        Alcan (77) & Alcoa (74)    Newmont (24)

   Electric Power       AEP & Cinergy (both 73)    Sempra Energy (24)

   Auto                 Toyota (65)                Nissan (33)



   *  Top score among the 100 companies

   ** Top score among 76 U.S. companies







Over two-dozen institutional investors requested the Ceres report, authored by

Douglas Cogan of the Investor Responsibility Research Center, as part of an

action plan announced at the Institutional Investor Summit on Climate Risk last

May at the United Nations. The investors are part of the Investor Network on

Climate Risk (INCR), an alliance of U.S. institutional investors coordinated by

Ceres that collectively manage about $3 trillion in assets.



"This report is extremely valuable because it provides investors with an

unprecedented window into how companies most affected by climate risk are

responding at the board level, through CEO leadership, and in strategic

planning," said Connecticut State Treasurer Denise L. Nappier, whose $22 billion

investment fund is among 50 institutional investors in INCR.  "While strong

climate governance practices are not yet the norm at U.S. companies, this report

plainly illustrates that there are industry leaders showing the way."



Foreign companies such as BP, Toyota, Alcan, Unilever and Rio Tinto had the

highest scores in five of the nine sectors that included both U.S. and non-U.S.

firms. American companies -- DuPont, General Electric, International Paper and

United Parcel Service -- led in the other four sectors. (In the electric power

sector, only American companies were analyzed.)



The report's overall results are encouraging. In 2003, Ceres released a report

on 20 companies showing that major U.S. businesses were doing little to address

climate challenge. By contrast, this report shows that leading companies in many

key industries are now tackling the issue at the highest level, with boards

conducting strategic assessments and management setting performance goals for

reducing greenhouse gas emissions and developing new climate-friendly products.



DuPont, the leading scorer among U.S. firms has reduced its GHG emissions 72

percent since 1990 and developed forward-thinking commercial products such as

energy-efficient building materials, components for solar, wind and fuel cell

systems and next-generation refrigerants with low global warming potential.



The report also shows, however, that dozens of U.S. businesses in various

climate vulnerable sectors -- including leading electric power and oil companies

-- are still largely dismissing the issue or failing to articulate clear

strategies to meet the challenge. Low climate governance scores also were

prevalent among entire sectors, including: coal companies, which are especially

vulnerable to greenhouse gas regulations; food and forest product companies,

which are vulnerable to natural resource impacts from climate change; and

airlines, one of the fastest growing sources of CO2 emissions.



"I commend the companies that have willingly accepted the risks and

opportunities that climate change presents. America must be a leader in climate

friendly technologies," said California State Treasurer Phil Angelides, a

co-founder of INCR and board member at two of the nation's largest public

pension funds, CalPERS and CalSTRS, which collectively manage more than $300

billion in assets. "These findings -- that a growing number of leading U.S.

businesses are focusing on global warming -- should be a wake up call to

investors: we need to continue to press poor-performing companies to clean up

their act."



Douglas Cogan, principal author of today's report and the 2003 report, says he

sees important progress by U.S. companies that are beginning to build climate

change into their governance practices and strategic planning.  In the past two

years, Cogan cited such as examples as:



  *  General Electric's launch of "ecoimagination," a plan to double

      investments in climate-friendly technologies and reach $20 billion in

      annual sales by 2010.



   *  Ford Motor's announcement that it will boost production of hybrid

      vehicles tenfold by 2010.



   *  Chevron's decision to add renewable technologies into its energy

      portfolio and set targets to cut its greenhouse gas emissions.



   *  American Electric Power's decision to build the nation's first

      commercial-scale coal gasification power plant, a "clean coal"

      technology that it says is the "right investment" given foreseeable

      greenhouse gas regulations in the U.S.



   *  These companies join others, like DuPont and Alcoa that have had

      climate change governance strategies in place for more than a decade.







Lubber, of Ceres, also cited BP, the top-scoring company overall, which has set

long-term greenhouse gas reduction targets and is planning to invest $8 billion

in solar, wind, hydrogen and other clean-energy technologies in the next decade.

"BP understands and is promoting the fact that all companies must work to reduce

their carbon footprint, starting with fossil fuels," she said.



Still, Cogan acknowledges that the challenge ahead for all companies, including

BP and other leaders, is enormous, given that greenhouse gas emissions must be

reduced substantially below current levels to stop rising global temperatures.

Businesses that are most successful in implementing climate change strategies,

Cogan said, will be those that look beyond short- term thinking and the gridlock

that currently grips Washington on this issue.



"Typically, CEOs and boards look out only three to five years when making

investment decisions -- about as long as they serve in their leadership roles,"

Cogan said. "But the assets they put into place last much longer. Building a new

conventional coal plant or a new engine factory for SUVs might make sense under

'business as usual' thinking, but what will happen to these facilities in five

or 10 years, when they're still not fully depreciated but facing carbon emission

constraints?"



EDITOR'S NOTE:  A streaming audio replay of a related news event will be

available on the Web at  http://www.ceres.org/  as of 4 p.m. ET on March 21,

2006.



CONTACT:  Peyton Fleming, of Ceres, +1-617-247-0700, ext. 20, or cell:

+1-617-733-6660



Web site:   http://www.ceres.org/



SOURCE Ceres, Boston, MA



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





