aa,PR Newswire US,20070109,16:56,332326
                              645 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      January 9, 2007 Tuesday 9:56 PM GMT



American Commercial Lines Inc. Announces Executive Appointment



LENGTH: 444 words



DATELINE: JEFFERSONVILLE, Ind. Jan. 9





JEFFERSONVILLE, Ind., Jan. 9  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- American Commercial

Lines Inc. (NASDAQ:ACLI) ("ACL" or the "Company") announced today that it has

appointed Mr. Jacques J. Vanier to the position of Vice President Manufacturing.



Most recently, Mr. Vanier served as Vice President of Global Manufacturing and

Operations with Alcoa Automotive and Truck Systems.  Throughout his 21 year

career with Alcoa, Mr. Vanier held a variety of positions in operations

management, manufacturing, logistics, production control and sales.  He holds a

BS in Industrial Distribution and an MBS in Industrial Management, both from

Clarkson University.



Commenting on this appointment, Mark R. Holden, President and CEO stated, "We

are pleased to attract someone so uniquely qualified to our organization.

Jacques has an exceptional record of working with people and his comprehensive

manufacturing background and proven track record for generating results will be

instrumental in building on the progress of our manufacturing operations."



American Commercial Lines Inc., headquartered in Jeffersonville, Indiana, is an

integrated marine transportation and service company operating in the United

States Jones Act trades, with approximately 2,600 employees and revenues of more

than $740 million as of December 31, 2005.  For more information about ACL

generally, visit  http://www.aclines.com/ .



Forward-Looking Statements



This release includes certain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of

the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking

statements are based on management's present expectations and beliefs about

future events. As with any projection or forecast, these statements are

inherently susceptible to risks, uncertainty and changes in circumstance.

Important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those

expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements and should be considered

in evaluating the outlook of American Commercial Lines Inc. Risks and

uncertainties are detailed from time to time in American Commercial Lines Inc.'s

and its subsidiaries' filings with the SEC, including the Form 10-K for the year

ended December 31, 2005 and the most recently filed Form 10-Q. American

Commercial Lines Inc. is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any

obligation to, update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a

result of changes, new information, subsequent events or otherwise.



CONTACT:  Christopher A. Black, Sr. Vice President and Chief Financial

Officer of American Commercial Lines Inc., +1-812-288-1836



Web site:   http://www.aclines.com/



SOURCE American Commercial Lines Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





