aa,PR Newswire US,20050411,15:43,332452
                              771 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       April 11, 2005 Monday 07:43 PM GMT



Pennsylvania Governor Rendell Announces Nearly 200 Manufacturing Jobs to be

Created by Westmoreland County Economic Development Project



LENGTH: 595 words



DATELINE: MURRYSVILLE, Pa. April 11





MURRYSVILLE, Pa., April 11  /PRNewswire/ -- Governor Edward G. Rendell today

announced that Custom Patio Rooms Inc. will create at least 193 jobs within

three years and retain 94 existing Pennsylvania employees with the expansion of

its Murrysville manufacturing facility.  The company, which manufactures and

distributes sunroom and patio products, will also purchase new equipment.



"This partnership with Custom Patio Rooms reinforces the fact that leading

manufacturers want to do business in the Commonwealth," said Governor Rendell.

"The employees who will fill these new jobs will be manufacturing products right

here in Westmoreland County - products that otherwise would have been created in

states like Ohio and New York.  I commend Custom Patio Rooms for continuing to

invest in Pennsylvania and its workforce."



Custom Patio Rooms will expand its Murrysville plant by 30,000 square feet.  The

first phase of the company's equipment expansion project involves the

installation of a laminating and insulating line that will produce insulated

panels as well as vinyl window and patio room products.  A tempered glass

manufacturing line will be installed during the second phase.  The new equipment

lines will replace products that are currently being manufactured in Florida,

New York, Ohio and Michigan.



"Custom Patio Rooms' manufacturing has grown at a healthy rate of 25 percent to

34 percent annually over the past 10 years," said Richard Edwards, the company's

chief executive officer.  "This continuing growth pattern has enabled us to

establish strong relationships with other western Pennsylvania-based

manufacturing leaders such as PPG, Alcoa and Trico.  The partnership with the

Commonwealth will ensure our growth by creating new manufacturing jobs for

western Pennsylvania and allow us to expand our existing product lines, paving

the way for future expansion."



The Governor's Action Team (GAT), economic development professionals who report

directly to Governor Rendell and Department of Community and Economic

Development (DCED) Secretary Dennis Yablonsky, worked with Custom Patio Rooms on

its expansion project.  DCED offered the company a $916,000 financial package

that includes a $430,000 Pennsylvania Industrial Development Authority (PIDA)

loan; a $100,000 Opportunity Grant; and $386,000 in Job Creation Tax Credits

(JCTC).  The company is also eligible to apply for a loan through the Citizens

Job Bank program.



The Governor's Action Team is comprised of high-level economic development

professionals who work with domestic and international businesses, as well as

professional site consultants, on projects involving significant investment and

job creation opportunities.



In 2004, Custom Patio Rooms established operations at its Murrysville facility,

which supplies all of the manufactured products for its Pennsylvania, New York,

Ohio and Maryland operations.  The company currently has a network of nine

retail locations.



For information on Governor Rendell's economic-stimulus program, visit

http://www.newpa.com/  or call 1-866-GONEWPA (1-866-466-3972).  For information

on DCED funding, visit  http://www.inventpa.com/ .  For information on Custom

Patio Rooms Inc., visit  http://www.custompatiorooms.com/ .



CONTACT:  Kate Philips of the Pennsylvania Office of the Governor,

+1-717-783-1116.



CONTACT:  Kate Philips of the Pennsylvania Office of the Governor,

+1-717-783-1116



Web site:   http://www.custompatiorooms.com/



Web site:   http://www.state.pa.us/

 http://www.newpa.com/

 http://www.inventpa.com/



SOURCE Pennsylvania Office of the Governor



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





