
                              815 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                             July 22, 2004 Thursday



PSI Call Center of West Bloomfield Sweeps the DMAD Awards;

Silvian Appointed as Director of Business Development



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 501 words



DATELINE: WEST BLOOMFIELD, Mich. July 22





PSI Call Center, a privately owned call Center in West Bloomfield, was recently

honored for its effective direct marketing campaigns by the Direct Marketing

Association of Detroit at the annual Target Awards ceremony on June 17.



PSI Call Center was awarded the 1st, 2nd and 3rd place Target Awards in the

telemarketing category for the 3rd consecutive year. This year, in the first

place category, it won the award for telephone follow-up campaign to a direct

mail and radio ad promotion that surpassed its sales objectives by 50%.



The 3rd place award was particularly interesting because it involved a project

that PSI is doing for The Heat and Warmth Fund (THAW), a nonprofit organization

that provides emergency energy assistance to low-income families and individuals

through local community agencies. The award was won for decreasing the annual

calling costs and administration of the campaign by approximately $155,000 and

putting that money into the fund distributed directly to the people whose energy

service is shut off and who cannot afford to continue their service.



The prestigious Target Awards provide an opportunity for Detroit's leading

advertising and marketing agencies and their partners to be recognized for

outstanding work and the effectiveness of their marketing and sales campaigns.



In other PSI news, Larry Evans, president of PSI Call Center, has named Joey

Silvian to the newly created position of Business Development Manager. Silvian

has most recently been CEO of VIA (The Virtual Interactive Agency) and has

worked in digital technologies as an Account Manager at BBDO, Sandy Corporation,

and Mattel. In his new position, Silvian will develop new markets and

opportunities for ad agencies and their clients to use new and innovative Web,

e-mail and call center applications.



About PSI Call Center



PSI Call Center (PSI) is one of the most technologically advanced call and data

centers in the US. PSI has the capacity to handle large projects with minimal

lead time, implement complex projects that are beyond the capability of other

call centers, and be an outsource work from agencies or service bureaus that are

at their internal limit. With the use of advanced equipment and voice and data

lines, the company can handle both automated calls and live operator assisted

calls and has the capacity to have over 80 Customer Service Reps available for

live operator interaction. The CSRs on staff stay an average of five years, well

above average for the industry. PSI also seamlessly combines e-mail and

web-based communication with its teleservices capability. PSI Call Center has

been in business for over 20 years and has established relationships with

clients such as General Motors, Ford, SBC Communications, Ogilvy & Mather, Gage

Marketing Group, SMZ Advertising, IBM, Dow, Hewlett Packard, Alcoa, Dow Corning,

DuPont and ADT.



Please contact PSI Call Center for further information at 248-624-2400.



SOURCE PSI Call Center



CONTACT: Joey Silvian of PSI Call Center, +1-248-624-2400



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS EDITOR



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





