
                              824 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                              May 21, 2004 Friday



Investors Worth $10 Trillion Speak Out on Business Risk of Climate Change;

Largest Survey of Global Executives Shows Companies Starting to Make Changes



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 847 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK May 21





The financial risk of climate change and greenhouse gas emissions has swiftly

become a matter of primary concern among members of the global investment

community, and they are increasingly demanding an accounting of such risk

exposure from companies in which they hold shares. In turn, more global

companies are acknowledging their responsibility, reporting their status and

developing coherent climate change strategies. This is according the second

report of the Carbon Disclosure Project, the world's largest corporate

responsibility initiative, representing 95 leading institutional investors that

account for $10 trillion in assets under management.



Since its inaugural report in 2003, the Carbon Disclosure Project has grown at

an unprecedented rate, as evidenced by the 171 percent increase in the number of

signatories involved (35 to 95), and the 150 percent increase in the represented

assets under management ($4 trillion to $10 trillion). Further, the report

reveals a corresponding 20 percent spike in the percentage of FT500 companies

that participated (47 percent to 59 percent) and a more geographically diverse

base of respondents (64 percent of participating investors in CDP2 were

European, down from 83 percent).



"The investment community is showing a profound new awareness of its fiduciary

responsibility relating to climate change, and sending an unmistakable message

to corporations that their investors will no longer tolerate a lack of

accountability about their exposures and practices," said James Cameron,

Chairman of the Carbon Disclosure Project. "The results are more than we'd hoped

in so short a time frame, though we know it's the early stages of a long

journey," he continued. The full report looks at the broad landscape of

responses, breaks down analysis by sector and includes verbatim answers from

respondents. It is available at www.cdproject.net.



"Fabulous 50" -- But Many Corporations Still Lagging



This year marks the debut of the "Fabulous 50 Climate Leadership Index," which

lists companies whose responses best addressed the breadth of climate change

issues. U.S.-based companies making it to the Fabulous 50 include: Alcoa,

Chevron Texaco, Dow Chemical, Ford, PSEG, and UPS.



"Our analysis indicated a marked improvement not just in the quantity of

responses, but also in quality and sophistication," said Dr. Matthew Kiernan,

CEO of Innovest Strategic Value Advisors, the New York-based investment research

firm that prepared the report.



Although the increase in awareness and action among both signatories and

corporations bodes well for the future, work remains in many areas. The report

revealed significant differences among companies within the same sector on the

importance of climate change, with many companies "behind the curve." Microsoft,

for example, failed to acknowledge the potential for computer operating systems

to reduce the energy demands of the global information infrastructure. Further,

there are major "disconnects" between some companies' response status and what

is publicly known about their climate change stances.



Perhaps most disturbing, 12 corporations failed to respond at all to the survey

even though CDP signatories hold between ten and 15 percent of their outstanding

common shares. These 12 top the list of 71 that did not respond to their

investors' call to action. An additional 77 responded, but declined to

participate in the survey.



U.S. companies that did not comply with the request for information include, but

are by no means limited to, Honeywell, which has 15.5 percent of its common

shares held by CDP signatories; Sears, Roebuck & Co. (15.4 percent); Boeing

(13.9 percent); ConAgra (12.5 percent); Target (11.7 percent); and Morgan

Stanley (11.2 percent).



"Companies ignoring their investors will invite -- and warrant -- particular

scrutiny," said Cameron. "More than ever, investors of all sizes are making

their wishes known on this key issue and are willing to reallocate their assets

if necessary. Our report gives them the information they need to justify an

investment strategy that reduces the risk associated with accelerated global

warming. Only by working together swiftly and smartly, armed with right

information, will we have a hope of altering the inexorable onslaught of climate

change."



Funding for the CDP is raised from independent philanthropic sources and

coordinated by Rockefeller Philanthropy Advisors. Funders include The Nathan

Cummings Foundation (USA); Esmee Fairbairn Foundation (UK); Rockefeller Brothers

Fund (USA); Turner Foundation (USA); Climate Initiatives Fund (UK); Home

Foundation (Netherlands); The Funding Network UK, Network for Social Change

(UK); Rufus Leonard (UK); and World Wildlife Federation (UK).



    Contact: Jennifer Robinson or Scott Addison, gabbegroup

               (212) 220-4444

               jenn.robinson@gabbe.com / scott.addison@gabbe.com





SOURCE Carbon Disclosure Project



CONTACT: Jennifer Robinson, jenn.robinson@gabbe.com, or Scott Addison,

scott.addison@gabbe.com, both of gabbegroup, +1-212-220-4444, for Carbon

Disclosure Project



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS AND ENERGY EDITORS



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





