
                              854 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                           January 15, 2004 Thursday



3 Rivers Connect Appoints Two New Board Members



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 733 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH Jan. 15





3 Rivers Connect (3rc) www.3rc.org is pleased to announce the appointment of two

new members to its board of directors: Jose-Marie Griffiths, PhD, an

internationally known information scientist, researcher, and teacher; and

Christopher Bannon, CEO of Buzzhoney, a digital marketing firm.



"We are very fortunate to have Dr. Jose-Marie Griffiths and Christopher Bannon

join our esteemed board," said Mark Kurtzrock, chairman of 3rc's board of

directors. "Both are not only highly regarded in the technology and business

sectors, but also share in our mission to accelerate the development of new

technologies throughout southwestern Pennsylvania. Establishing Pittsburgh as a

global leader in civic computing requires an alliance between business,

education, and technology leaders. As such, their credentials make them ideal

choices for our board, and we are honored to be working with them."



Dr. Griffiths is the first holder of the Doreen E Boyce Chair in Library and

Information Science and professor of Library Science, Information Science and

Telecommunications at the School of information Sciences of the University of

Pittsburgh. This chair is one of a very few in the country established

specifically for library and information.



She is also the director of the University of Pittsburgh Sara Fine Institute for

Interpersonal Behavior and Technology. The Institute was established to address

the problems and questions arising from the interaction between technology and

people and is intended to be a forum for scholars and professionals to address

the human aspects of a technological society.Additionally, she serves as an

associate to the Learning Research and Development Center at the University of

Pittsburgh and on several advisory boards and committees.



Dr. Griffiths was appointed to the U.S. National Commission on Libraries and

Information Science in 1996, the Michigan IT Commission in 1997, and to the

National Commission for Software Issues in the 80s in 1982. She has served on

blue-ribbon panels and task forces for the National Academy of Sciences,

National Research Council and Department of Energy. She is currently serving as

a Consulting Scientist to the Science, Technology and Research program of the

New York Legislature and on the boards of the National Information Standards

Organization, Assistive Media, and MedSMART.



With 10 years of creative and technology experience, Christopher Bannon serves

as the senior customer and brand experience advocate for Buzzhoney's clients.

During his career, Bannon has provided expertise to clients such as The H. J.

Heinz Company, The U. S. Steel Corporation, Alcoa, PPG, General Motors, ESPN,

FreeMarkets, and Verisign.



Prior to founding Buzzhoney, Bannon served as the Director of Innovation for

international Web consultant ZEFER. As Director of Innovation, he was

responsible for evaluating the business value of emerging technologies and

consulting with clients. Prior to joining ZEFER, Bannon served as CEO and

Creative Director for Sladekutter, Ltd., a leading Pittsburgh-based Web

Development firm, which he founded in 1997 and grew to 32 employees before

selling it to ZEFER at the end of 1999. Bannon also served as Creative Director

for a publishing company he founded in 1993. In this role, he guided



the visual and written communications branding efforts for his clients. He

earned a B.S. in Marketing from The Pennsylvania State University.



About 3 Rivers Connect



3 Rivers Connect is a Section 501(c)(3) non-profit organization working in

cooperation with local, state, and federal agencies and public and private

institutions to accelerate economic, social, and educational development through

applications of advanced technology. 3rc is accomplishing this mission by

initiating and supporting information technology projects that are nationally

recognized for their innovation and effectiveness. 3rc was honored as one of 10

entrepreneurial firms whose products or services offer unique or promising

technologies as a future economic driver of the 13-county southwestern

Pennsylvania region. To learn more, visit www.3rc.org or contact Ronald Gdovic,

PhD, executive director, at (412) 392-1006.



SOURCE 3 Rivers Connect



CONTACT: Pam Selker Rak, President of CommuniTech, +1-412-221-4550, or

pam.rak@mktgcommunications.com; or Ronald Gdovic, PhD, Executive Director of 3

Rivers Connect, +1-412-392-1006, or rgdovic@3rc.org



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS EDITOR



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





