aa,U.S. Newswire,20080404,10:09,332214
                              533 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                       April 4, 2008 Friday 10:09 AM EST



Stanly County Commissioners Rebut Alcoa Claims



SECTION: ENERGY EDITORS



LENGTH: 899 words



DATELINE: STANLY COUNTY, N.C., April 4,  2008





It is the position of the Stanly County Commissioners that the best way to

provide for the future of the Yadkin River is for the State of North Carolina

and its public to be the undisputed owner of the Project. In an effort to help

inform all North Carolinians of the facts at hand, the Stanly County

Commissioners have released updated comments to respond directly to the Alcoa

fact sheet, released to the public on Monday, March 31. The local government's

response to Alcoa's claims is set out below.



1) Alcoa will keep the substantial portion of the benefits generated by a public

resource for itself and its shareholders. In its 1958 licensing, Alcoa obtained

a valuable asset -- the exclusive federal right to use the Yadkin River for

hydro purposes -- and supported its claim to this right with evidence that

granting the exclusive right would support about 1,000 jobs in Stanly County at

Alcoa's adjacent Badin Aluminum Smelting Works. That number of jobs is now down

to just 31.



2) Talking with Alcoa is not equivalent to getting hard facts or commitments.

Alcoa has yet to provide adequate disclosure of information requested by the

County, like the true cost of cleaning up the Badin Smelting Works, nor has

Alcoa been willing to fund studies consistent with the best scientific approach

on contamination, for example on the condition of Badin Lake.



3) Alcoa's references against state ownership of the Yadkin Project are not

dispositive. The same federal law that provides for relicensing also provides

for transfer of ownership of the Project at a cost-based price, which reflects

what Alcoa actually paid for the Project, and not an inflated market value. A

transfer to a State is unusual, but there is a process set out in the law that

would allow such a transfer. That process includes final approval by Congress;

and such approval would not be unreasonable if the State were to participate

before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and seek full control and

ownership as an alternative to continued ownership and control by Alcoa under a

new 50-year license.



4) Alcoa's claim that a change in ownership would not make a difference assumes

too much. Alcoa claims that ownership of the Yadkin Project makes no difference

because "the same set of federal and state laws" would apply. Stanly County does

not quarrel with the statement that the same laws would apply. But Alcoa's claim

flies in the face of the common sense observation that ownership of property can

make a difference in how it is operated and maintained: ask any homeowner.



5) Alcoa never states how much it expects to make from the Yadkin Project in the

future. Alcoa claims that it will net only $8.4 million per year in profits.

What Alcoa fails to note is that that figure is based on 2006 data, including

prices received from power contracts with local utilities that have since

expired. Currently and over the next 50 years, Alcoa expects to sell the power

at market rates, as would any privately-held, profit-oriented company. That

means it has no obligation to hold prices to actual costs, or to sell to

consumers within North Carolina. As for the $200-plus million that APGI plans to

spend to refurbish the dams and to perform routine major maintenance, the

question is why APGI did not spend the money earlier. Would a mindful steward of

the resource have waited until needed maintenance and improvements added up to

more than $200 million?



6) Alcoa's response does not rebut Stanly County's reasonable conclusion that

more money would expedite the cleanup of the Alcoa waste sites in Stanly County.

Alcoa's only response is that it is doing "required remediation." The real facts

are that the process has been ongoing for a dozen or more years. Alcoa is

liable, but future liability is not the only thing that matters to Stanly

County. The County and its citizens are significantly affected by the rate at

which Alcoa must clean up its waste sites so they can be returned to productive

alternative uses. That is not answered by Alcoa in its response, nor has it ever

been answered in Alcoa's discussions with the County.



7) Alcoa's response again is that ownership of the Yadkin Project has no effect

on the well-being of the citizens of the State of North Carolina. It argues that

it doesn't matter who owns the Project because the State of North Carolina and

FERC exercise regulatory authority over the Project. But regardless of

regulatory requirements, wouldn't a difference in ownership make a difference in

how the welfare of the citizens is considered? Alcoa is a privately-owned

corporation run by individuals who are obligated to maximize returns to their

shareholders, consistent with applicable laws. If closing a plant in North

Carolina improves the Company's overall profits, that will be done. If selling

the electricity from the Yadkin Project to New York City makes economic sense,

that will be done. If lowering the elevation of the reservoir within a rule

curve means more profits, it will be done. If charging for water from the

reservoir for consumption makes more money, it will be and has been done.





    Media Contact:

    Patty Briguglio

    MMI Associates, Inc.

    (919) 233-6600

    (919) 233-0300 (fax)

    patty@mmimarketing.com





SOURCE Stanly County







Contact: Patty Briguglio of MMI Associates, Inc., +1-919-233-6600,

+1-919-233-0300 (fax), patty@mmimarketing.com, for Stanly County



LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





