aa,PR Newswire,20120224,9:30,331807
                              126 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      February 24, 2012 Friday 9:30 AM EST



Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day Highlights: Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Sunoco,

Alcoa, Aluminum Corporation Of China Limited and BHP Billiton



LENGTH: 1349 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, Feb. 24, 2012





Zacks Equity Research highlights Red Robin Gourmet Burgers as the Bull of the

Day and Sunoco, Inc. (NYSE: SUN) as the Bear of the Day. In addition, Zacks

Equity Research provides analysis on Alcoa Inc. , Aluminum Corporation Of China

Limited (NYSE: ACH) and BHP Billiton Ltd. .



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



Full analysis of all these stocks is available at http://at.zacks.com/?id=2678.



Here is a synopsis of all five stocks:



Bull of the Day:



Red Robin Gourmet Burgers (Nasdaq: RRGB) reported another solid quarter with

fourth-quarter 2011 earnings surpassing the Zacks Consensus Estimate as it

experienced upside in revenue and margin. The company is progressing quite

successfully in turning around its business by Project RED, which focuses on

revenue growth, expense control and capital deployment.



The pace of the company's ongoing cost saving initiatives is faster than

expected. Moreover, the loyalty program is tremendously successful. Also, the

company is experiencing same-store sales growth based on its marketing and

promotional activities.



In addition, the company's focus on franchising, unit growth, store remodeling,

investments to improve operational efficiency and enhancing shareholder value

also augurs well for its earnings. Hence, we upgrade the stock from Neutral to

Outperform.



Bear of the Day:



A weak business model, geographically undiversified asset base and operational

hindrances compel us to downgrade Sunoco, Inc. (NYSE: SUN) to Underperform from

Neutral. Our pessimistic outlook on the stock is fueled by the company's poorly

performing refining and supply segment, which registered a high loss along with

lower realized prices and throughputs in the fourth quarter of 2011.



Moreover, with the separation of the coke manufacturing business, Sunoco

exhibits a weak business profile and remains susceptible to competitive risks.

As such, we expect Sunoco to perform below the industry, which gives investors

little reason to hold the stock.



We render a pessimistic outlook on the stock in the coming quarters, which is

the main reason for our downgrade of the rating. Our $36 price objective

reflects a multiple of 6.2X the trailing twelve-month cash flow.



Latest Posts on the Zacks Analyst Blog:



Alcoa, CPI Sign Deal



Aluminum giant Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA) and China Power Investment Corporation

(CPI) entered into a deal to form a joint venture (JV) for producing high-end

fabricated aluminum products for China. The terms of the agreement are yet to be

disclosed.



The new company, named Alcoa CPI (China) Aluminum Investment Co. Ltd., will be

based in Shanghai. Alcoa is expected to hold a major portion of the company's

share.



The agreement for the JV was signed by Alcoa's Chairman and CEO and the

President of CPI in Beijing. The joint venture was announced in September 2011

by the companies after they signed a Letter of Intent.



The joint venture will develop high-end engineered products that will be used in

many industries including automotive, aerospace, packaging and consumer

electronics. Both the companies believe that this deal will increase their

competitiveness and will lead to profitable growth while facilitating them to

serve their customers better.



In January 2012, Alcoa, the largest U.S. aluminum producer, reported loss in its

fourth-quarter 2011 results. The company posted a loss from continuing

operations of $193 million, or 18 cents per share compared with a profit of $172

million, or 15 cents per share in the comparable quarter last year.



Excluding restructuring charge of $159 million and other items, Alcoa's loss

came in at 3 cents per share, below the Zacks Consensus estimate profit of 1

cent. It is the company's first loss in the last nine quarters.



For full-year 2011, Alcoa reported income from continuing operations of $614

million, or $0.55 per share, which is more than double of 2010 results. The

disappointing results were driven by higher costs of energy and transportation.



Though revenues for the quarter rose 6% year over year to $6 billion, business

was down in most areas including construction, industrial products, packaging

and commercial transportation. Besides, sales to automobile manufacturers fell

2%. For 2011, revenue rose to $25 billion from $21 billion in fiscal year 2010.



For 2012, Alcoa expects global aluminum demand to grow 7% due to the worldwide

deficit in primary aluminum supply. Alcoa's growth projection is ahead of the

6.5% rate, which is required to meet its forecast of doubling the global

aluminum demand between 2010 and 2020.



In addition, Alcoa believes that growing demand for aluminum, combined with

market-related production cutbacks, will result in a global aluminum industry

deficit of 600,000 metric tons in 2012



We believe that Alcoa's cost reduction efforts are, to some extent, offsetting

the negative impact of higher energy and raw material costs on profitability.

The company is divesting underperforming assets through its restructuring

program.



The annual global consumption of aluminum products, both upstream and

downstream, is expected to double by 2020. This consumption boom will be driven

primarily by growth in China, India, Russia and Brazil, whose demographics are

accelerating development.



Alcoa retains a Zacks #3 Rank, which translates into a short-term (1 to 3

months) Hold rating and we have recommended the shares of the company as Neutral

for the long-term (more than 6 months). Alcoa faces stiff competition from

Aluminum Corporation Of China Limited (NYSE: ACH) and BHP Billiton Ltd. .



Get the full analysis of all these stocks by going to

http://at.zacks.com/?id=2649.



About the Bull and Bear of the Day



Every day, the analysts at Zacks Equity Research select two stocks that are

likely to outperform (Bull) or underperform (Bear) the markets over the next 3-6

months.



About the Analyst Blog



Updated throughout every trading day, the Analyst Blog provides analysis from

Zacks Equity Research about the latest news and events impacting stocks and the

financial markets.



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous analyst coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded

stocks. Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest

analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today by

visiting http://at.zacks.com/?id=7158.



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leonard Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in

stock market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his

many accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system;

the Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1

margin. The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market

insights of Zacks Investment



Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit from the Pros. In

short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to be worth your

time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros at

http://at.zacks.com/?id=4582.



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?re

f=ts



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Media Contact

Zacks Investment Research

800-767-3771 ext. 9339

support@zacks.com

http://www.zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





