aa,PR Newswire US,20061012,10:00,332349
                              668 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                     October 12, 2006 Thursday 2:00 PM GMT



Cellnet Technology Names David Elve Vice President Strategic Channels and

Partners



LENGTH: 391 words



DATELINE: ATLANTA Oct. 12





ATLANTA, Oct. 12  /PRNewswire/ -- Cellnet Technology, Inc. (Cellnet(R)) today

announced that it has named Dave Elve vice president strategic channels and

partners.  Elve returned to Atlanta for his Cellnet role following a three year

European assignment as group vice president business and market relations for

Atos Origin located in Brussels and London.



Elve previously served in various management and executive positions with

Schlumberger Energy & Utilities over a ten-year tenure that included a role as

director of alliances for Convergent Group. Prior to Schlumberger, Elve held

sales executive roles at Alcoa.



Cellnet vice president sales and marketing Ed Solar remarked, "Cellnet is

building market leadership with its solutions that enable advanced

infrastructure for the intelligent grid. Dave will lead an expansion of

Cellnet's alliance and partner community with the goal of increasing our

delivery of open, flexible and collaborative solutions to the market."



Regarding his appointment, Elve remarked, "I'm excited about the opportunity to

join the Cellnet team.  Cellnet's strengths include its longstanding support of

open standards, its UtiliNet(R) two-way mesh technology, and its proven ability

to deliver value every day to some of the largest utilities in the country.  I'm

looking forward to working with the team to expand our channel and partner

program."



Elve earned a bachelor of science degree in business administration from Auburn

University and a masters in business administration with a concentration in

finance from the Stetson School of Business at Mercer University. He graduated

from the Georgia Institute of Technology's executive education program in 1995.



About Cellnet Technology, Inc.:



Cellnet provides intelligent communication and automation solutions to energy

and water businesses worldwide. The company's offerings include advanced

metering infrastructure, in-premise networks, automated meter reading, SCADA and

distribution automation. Cellnet's proven record of delivering customer value is

supported by 13 million endpoints and contracted revenue of $2.2 billion over

fifteen years. For more information visit  http://www.cellnet.com/ .



CONTACT:  Don McDonnell, +1-404-583-0003,  don@themcdonnellgroup.com  for

Cellnet Technology, Inc.



Web site:   http://www.cellnet.com/



SOURCE Cellnet Technology, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





