aa,PR Newswire,20090807,13:22,332037
                              356 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       August 7, 2009 Friday 1:22 PM EST



N.C. House Rejects Takeover of Alcoa Property In Decisive Vote



LENGTH: 487 words



DATELINE: RALEIGH, N.C., Aug. 7





RALEIGH, N.C., Aug. 7 /PRNewswire/ -- The N.C. House voted in overwhelming

numbers to reject an unprecedented and costly government takeover of Alcoa's

hydroelectric business along the Yadkin River in central North Carolina. Senate

Bill 967, sponsored by Sen. Fletcher Hartsell, failed in a floor vote by a wide

margin, 66-39, with bipartisan support.



"Legislators sent a clear message that they do not support the taking of private

business. The more they learned about this issue, it became evident that passing

this legislation would set a dangerous precedent for North Carolina," said Gene

Ellis, an Alcoa spokesman. "We appreciate the strong support of the N.C. House

and remain committed to fighting any future efforts by Gov. Perdue to take our

business against our will."



The bill would have established a state trust with the authority to seize the

Yadkin Hydroelectric Project, a privately-owned business that has been

generating clean renewable energy in North Carolina since 1915.



Legislators tried to quickly maneuver the bill through the General Assembly this

week after the House Water Resources Committee reversed itself and voted the

bill out of committee. The bill was heard twice Thursday by the House Public

Utilities Committee, which passed the bill at a hastily called afternoon

meeting. The bill then bypassed the House Finance Committee and was sent

straight to the House floor.



Opponents of a state takeover -including lakefront homeowners, property rights

advocates and local officials in Stanly County - expressed serious concerns

about the proposed takeover this week. Their concerns included the potential

cost to North Carolina taxpayers of $500 million or more; the fundamental

violation of Alcoa's private property rights; and the need to support the

federal licensing process and the Relicensing Settlement Agreement that Alcoa

reached with stakeholders.



The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), the federal agency that

regulates hydroelectric projects in the United States, has all of the

information it needs to issue a new long-term license for the Yadkin Project.

FERC staff has already recommended issuing a new license to Alcoa.



"We remain eager for a new license and look forward to implementing the many

positive benefits included in the Relicensing Settlement Agreement," Ellis said.



Under the terms of the relicensing agreement, Alcoa will continue to improve

water quality in the Yadkin River; allow for increased water withdrawals by

local municipalities; better protect the water supply when drought conditions

are present; set aside thousands of acres for long-term land protection; create

new parks, public swim areas and other recreation opportunities; provide more

stable lake levels and a consistent downstream flow of water; and give

homeowners more flexibility regarding shoreline development.



SOURCE Alcoa







CONTACT:Gene Ellis of Alcoa, +1-704-796-5824, gene.ellis@alcoa.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





