aa,PR Newswire US,20061121,14:13,332336
                              655 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                     November 21, 2006 Tuesday 7:13 PM GMT



Chief Procurement Officers, Representing Over $1.46T in Spend Under Management,

Gather at the Aberdeen CPO Summit to Chart the Course Ahead;

Spearheaded by keynote speakers John Scully (former CEO of Apple Computers and

Pepsi-Cola), John Paterson (CPO of IBM), and Michael Treacy (best selling

business author of Double Digit Growth), attendees explored strategic sourcing

challenges and celebrate peer awards.



LENGTH: 860 words



DATELINE: BOSTON Nov. 21





BOSTON, Nov. 21  /PRNewswire/ -- Aberdeen Group today announced that global

supply management executives representing over $1.46 trillion in spend under

management met last week at the CPO Summit to outline critical components of

global supply management, including live research with the executives on hand.

"The results from our onsite research provided an interesting comparison to our

CPO Strategic Agenda 2006 research report due out at the end of the month,"

stated Vance Checketts, Vice President of Global Supply Management Research at

Aberdeen. "CPO Summit attendees ranked spend analysis as their number one area

of interest for on demand solutions. This is consistent with the overarching

theme of identifying and capturing cost savings that can then be associated to

bottom-line results."



Results from the onsite instant polling of the top-level procurement executives

revealed some quick statistics about the audience:



  * Audience responsible for $1.46 trillion in combined spend

   * 1/3 of summit participants have 50-70% of their spend under management,

     and 1/4 70%+ under management

   * 23 industries represented, 8 countries, 62% from large enterprises (over

     $1 billion), 18% from mid-sized ($50 million to $1 billion), and 20%

     from small (under $50 million)







Setting the stage for the summit were keynote speakers John Scully, previous CEO

of Apple Computer and Pepsi Co.; John Paterson, CPO of IBM; and Michael Treacy,

best selling author, business visionary, and MIT professor.



Attendees came from around the globe and shared reflections similar to this one

from Chiquita Brands International, Costa Rica, "The Aberdeen CPO Summit aligned

perfectly with the challenges that our global procurement team is currently

working on. In particular, I reinforced concepts about the relationship between

an overall commodity plan and a detailed sourcing plan. I received strategic

recommendations directly from world class CPOs that were in attendance. Our

implementation of these recommendations will have a profound impact on our

business."  Martin Fallas, Procurement Manager, Direct Materials, Chiquita

Brands International



Event sponsors were thrilled to be involved in such a dynamic forum, "As a

first-time sponsor of the CPO Summit, we found this to be a great opportunity to

interact with true industry leaders. The event allowed us to engage in

meaningful conversations with sourcing and procurement executives and to

participate in thought-provoking discussions." John Sharman, CEO PerfectCommerce



During the proceedings, Aberdeen presented five companies with Global Supply

Management Achievement Awards. The award winners were as follows:



  * Alcoa received the Executive Stewardship Award for achieving performance

     heights due to the direct involvement and leadership of executive

     management. Christie Breves, CPO, and Doug Sparks, Global Procurement

     Center of Excellence Manager received the award.



   * Toys 'R' Us received the Process Excellence Award for demonstrating

     process ingenuity, agility, flexibility, and scalability in addressing

     changing business requirements. Kim Brown, VP of Procurement, was on

     hand to accept the award and commented, "Thank you, Aberdeen, for the

     2006 Supply Management Process Excellence award. It is always exciting

     to be recognized by the industry and our peers."



   * ExxonMobil received the Business Evolution Award for managing

     information flow across internal functional practices to achieve

     measurable business growth. Laurie Acreman, Strategic Improvements

     Manager, Global Procurement, received the award.



   * Unicredito received the Innovation in Technology Award for maximizing

     technology solutions to solve pressing service chain issues in order to

     positively impact company performance. Paolo Cederle, CPO, accepted the

     award and stated, "We were honoured to be recognized by such a highly

     regarded research firm as Aberdeen Group. We consider it an outstanding

     reward for our creative business model and customer-oriented approach

     and an example of how an Internet company can be efficient and

     successful in the 'new world' as well as in the 'old economy.' The CPO

     meeting was astonishingly interesting and full of ideas for our

     day-by-day professional life."



   * MetLife accepted the Performance Excellence Award for harnessing the

     performance impact of service chain activities and mastering

     methodologies for financial, operational, and customer-centric

     performance excellence. Roy Anderson, CPO, was on hand to receive the

     award.







Aberdeen Group, Inc. provides fact-based research and insights focused on the

global, technology-driven value chain. Aberdeen's benchmarking, market and

solution assessments, sales acceleration programs, and conferences support

Global 5000 value chain and technology executives and the solution providers who

serve them.



  Contact:

   Tracey Jones, Aberdeen Group

   617-854-5257,  tracey.jones@aberdeen.com





CONTACT:  Tracey Jones of Aberdeen Group, +1-617-854-5257,

 tracey.jones@aberdeen.com



Web site:   http://www.aberdeen.com/



SOURCE Aberdeen Group, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





