aa,U.S. Newswire,20071210,8:15,332246
                              565 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                      December 10, 2007 Monday 8:15 AM EST



U.S.-Russian Business... Beyond the Headlines



SECTION: POLITICAL EDITORS



LENGTH: 492 words





WASHINGTON, Dec. 7 /U.S. Newswire/ -- Bolstered by soaring oil prices and recent

and upcoming elections, Russia's economy continues to accelerate. For the past

three years, Gross Domestic Product in the Federation has exceeded six percent.

Yet the economic and political factors involved in doing business with Russia

are now more significant than ever.



The Golden Galaxy Awards honors those U.S. and Russian companies that have

demonstrated outstanding performance in quality manufacturing, management,

implementation of advanced technologies, efficient use of natural resources and

sustainable development. This year, The American-Russian Chamber of Commerce &

Industry (ARCCI) honors four U.S. companies: Alcoa Inc., Exxon Mobil

Corporation, International Paper and Kraft, Inc.



Press conference details:



Thursday, Dec. 13, 9 a.m.



Lisagor Room, National Press Club



529 14th Street NW



Washington, DC



The press conference will feature Senator Mikhail V. Margelov, Chairman of the

Russian Federation Council Foreign Relations Committee, as well as Russian

representatives from the 2007 Golden Galaxy Award recipients, including

Interros, Chelyabinsky Tractor Plant Uraltrac, Lukoil Neftekhim, Transneft,

Uchalinsky Mining Enrichment Combine and TogliattiAzot.



"This is a unique opportunity to hear directly from those who really know the

intricacies of doing business with Russia," said Helen Teplitskaia, President of

the ARCCI. "Russia's growing prominence in the BRICs [Brazil, Russia, India and

China, four of the world's fastest-growing economies] and world economy at

large, not to mention its impact on global energy security, demand that we

finally rid ourselves of Cold War biases, enhance understanding and strengthen

cooperation between our countries."



At 5 p.m., ARCCI will commemorate its 15th anniversary and present the 2007

Golden Galaxy Awards at an invitation-only gala at the Embassy of Russia, 2650

Wisconsin Ave. NW in Washington, D.C. The event will be chaired by His

Excellency Russian Ambassador Yuri V. Ushakov. Media passes for the event can be

obtained in advance by calling (202) 756-4943. Sponsors include Baker &

McKenzie, Imnex International, Inc., Siberian Energy Group Inc.,

Transneftservice-S LLC and McDermott, Will & Emery. A complete list of Golden

Galaxy Award winners and sponsors is posted at www.arcci.org/spotlight.



Founded in 1992, the ARCCI instituted the Golden Galaxy Awards to facilitate

U.S.-Russian trade and investment and to acknowledge and celebrate the American

and Russian individuals and enterprises demonstrating exceptional achievement in

the areas of bilateral cooperation, technology transfer, efficient use of

natural resources and sustainable development. With fifteen years of

strengthening US-Russian economic partnership, the ARCCI champions development

of fair trade and increased investment.



SOURCE American-Russian Chamber of Commerce and Industry







Contact: Helen Teplitskaia of ARCCI, (202) 756-4943



LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





