aa,PR Newswire,20100121,10:40,332012
                              331 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     January 21, 2010 Thursday 10:40 AM EST



Vinimaya Appoints John Hutchinson as President;

New President Poised to Lead E-Procurement Company Growth in 2010



LENGTH: 518 words



DATELINE: CINCINNATI, Jan. 21





CINCINNATI, Jan. 21 /PRNewswire/ -- Vinimaya, the leading provider of

E-Procurement Search and Content Solutions, announced the appointment of

Hutchinson as its new President. John will be leading the company as it expands

its solutions for Global E-Procurement, Supplier and Catalog Content Management,

and Search. Vinimaya is part of Cincinnati-based Vora Group, a private equity

group that specializes in building innovative IT companies worldwide.



Hutchinson brings a wealth of Procurement industry expertise to Vinimaya, having

led consulting engagements for world-class companies while at Huron Consulting

Group. Prior to assuming the role at Vinimaya, Hutchinson served as Vice

President at Ascendum, another Vora Group company, increasing the growth and

profitability of the Professional Services firm during his tenure.



Hutchinson is replacing Gary Hare who left to pursue other interests. "We are

grateful to Gary for his leadership and contribution in making Vinimaya a leader

in supplier content search," said Mahendra Vora, Executive Chairman of the Board

of Vinimaya and Chairman of the Vora Group. "I am extremely pleased to have John

in place as the President of Vinimaya. His innovative vision coupled with his

expertise in procurement provides the perfect leadership to propel Vinimaya in

the next phase of its growth."



"I am excited about the value that Vinimaya brings to our clients," stated

Hutchinson. "Our remarkable roster of Fortune 500 blue-chip clients attests to

the market-leading capabilities of the Vinimaya Smart Search Catalog(TM)

solution and the ROI that this solution delivers to clients."



Hutchinson cites global market expansion, turn-key content outsourcing, and

improved decision support tools as key 2010 growth initiatives for Vinimaya. "As

global markets continue to recover, there is pent-up demand for our solutions,

which generate immediate ROI on investments in E-Procurement," added Hutchinson.

"Our unique federated search across disparate content sources maximizes user

adoption and frees up internal resources to focus on strategic procurement

initiatives."



Under Hutchinson's leadership, Vinimaya plans to significantly enhance the ease

with which supplier content is managed and accessed, open global centers to

better support the European and Asian client base, and establish strategic

partnerships to create turn-key solutions for clients worldwide.



About Vinimaya



Vinimaya, Inc. is a privately held software solutions company that provides

innovative E-Procurement Catalog and B2B Shopping solutions for both buyers and

suppliers based on their patent-pending Vinimaya SmartSearch(TM) technology

platform. Vinimaya products are seamlessly integrated with systems from Ariba,

SAP, Oracle and PeopleSoft among others and are used by global companies such as

3M, Alcoa, Sunoco, Agilent Technologies and Corning Inc. Vinimaya is a Vora

Group company with offices in Cincinnati; Shelton, CT; and Bangalore, India. For

more information please visit www.vinimaya.com or call 888-618-8634.



SOURCE Vinimaya







CONTACT:Leonard Lee of Vinimaya, +1-612-670-3445, llee@vinimaya.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





