aa,PR Newswire US,20050815,7:00,332428
                              747 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      August 15, 2005 Monday 11:00 AM GMT



The Oliver Wight Companies Announces the Publication of New Benchmarks and

Standards -- the Sixth Edition Class A Checklist for Business Excellence



LENGTH: 654 words



DATELINE: NEW LONDON, N.H. Aug. 15





NEW LONDON, N.H., Aug. 15  /PRNewswire/ -- The Oliver Wight Companies introduced

its first benchmarks and standards in 1976. Today, the business management firm

introduces the Sixth edition of the Oliver Wight Class A Checklist for Business

Excellence. This newest edition reflects the changing standards in business

today and maps out the route to long-term, sustainable progress in improving

company financial performance and competitive position.



"The business world continues to be demanding and ever-changing. Executives and

company managers always seek benchmarks to determine how well their companies

are doing compared to competitors. They also use standards and benchmarks to

determine the effectiveness of their business processes and improvement

programs," said Dennis Groves, Chairman of Oliver Wight Americas, Inc.



Like previous editions of the Class A Checklist, the Sixth Edition Checklist is

based on the experience of Oliver Wight consultants around the world, and of

clients like Abbott Laboratories, Airbus, Alcoa, British American Tobacco,

Borealis, Caterpillar Inc., and Great Lakes Chemical Corporation. U.S.-owned

H.J. Heinz Company helped pilot key elements of the Sixth Edition Checklist

approach across its worldwide network of plants. The Sixth Edition Checklist is

published by John Wiley & Sons, Inc.



What is new in the Sixth Edition Checklist? First and foremost, it focuses on

the entire business enterprise, not just operations. In doing so, it is

applicable to all types of businesses in the service sector as well as the

manufacturing sector.



The Sixth Edition Checklist consists of nine chapters. The first four chapters

are considered priority-enabling chapters for all businesses and cover the

following subjects:



   * Managing the strategic planning process

    * Managing and leading people

    * Driving business improvement

    * Integrated business planning through sales and operations planning



   The remaining chapters focus on the following operational processes:

    * Managing products and services

    * Managing demand

    * Managing the supply chain

    * Managing internal supply

    * Managing external sourcing







The Sixth Edition Checklist provides a strategic context for each of the above

operational processes, linking business and process improvement to strategic

priorities. The chapters covering operational processes also address business

integration, behavior characteristics required to operate each process in an

excellent manner and performance measures required to achieve business

excellence.



The Sixth Edition Checklist recognizes that sustainable financial performance

and competitive advantage are not achieved quickly through a simple project.

Oliver Wight's most successful clients have used an evolutionary approach to

business excellence. As a result, the Sixth Edition Checklist utilizes a

maturity process whereby companies evaluate their current position and

situation, identify gaps, and then determine the short-term and long-term steps

required to achieve excellence.



The Sixth Edition Checklist provides the standards and benchmarks to determine

the current level of maturity and the progress in achieving excellence in a

particular business process and as a business enterprise. This approach enables

executives and managers to implement multiple improvement programs, tied to

strategic priorities, in a logical sequence and to realize financial benefits

and performance improvements with each step.



Copies of the Sixth Edition Checklist can be ordered by contacting: Oliver Wight

Americas, Inc., 603-526-5800 or  shansen@oliverwight.com



The Oliver Wight Companies was founded in 1970. Its corporate offices are

located in New London, New Hampshire; Gloucester, England; and Hurtsville,

Australia.



CONTACT: Susan Hansen of Oliver Wight Americas, Inc., +1-603-526-5800,

 shansen@oliverwight.com



Web site:   http://www.oliverwight.com/



SOURCE The Oliver Wight Companies



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





