aa,PR Newswire US,20060201,14:25,332399
                              718 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                     February 1, 2006 Wednesday 7:25 PM GMT



Vectren Issues Environmental Stewardship Report



LENGTH: 558 words



DATELINE: EVANSVILLE, Ind. Feb. 1





EVANSVILLE, Ind., Feb. 1  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Vectren Corporation

(NYSE:VVC) issued its 2005 environmental stewardship report Wednesday, the first

public report to the community since the company's inception in 2000. The

document, which focuses heavily on activities involving electric generation in

southwestern Indiana, detailed the company's historic, current and future

environmental initiatives.



"From clean air to clean water to clean land, we take environmental

responsibility to heart," said Vectren Chairman, President and CEO Niel C.

Ellerbrook. "While many in our industry talk about environmental stewardship,

Vectren has quietly been acting on our commitment, and this report details our

efforts."



Over the last several years, Vectren's electric generation system has become one

of the most environmentally-friendly in the Midwest. The company continues to

invest in required equipment to further reduce sulfur dioxide (SO2), nitrogen

oxide and mercury emissions by installing additional equipment at Warrick Unit

4, which is co-owned by Alcoa, and F.B. Culley Unit 3.  Upon completion of this

project in 2010, Vectren will have exceeded Environmental Protection Agency

deadlines with fully-operational SO2 emissions-control equipment installed on

100 percent of Vectren's coal-fired units.  As an added benefit, the pollution

controls responsible for removing an average of 96 percent of the SO2 from the

flue gas also removes a significant portion of mercury before exiting the stack.



"Our goal is to safely and reliably meet customer demand and maintain

environmental integrity," Ellerbrook added.  "We achieve this balance by

effectively managing the environmental impact of our operations, tapping into

technological advancements in electric generation and using natural resources

wisely, including southwestern Indiana coal."



  Environmental stewardship initiatives outlined in the report include:

   * an overview of Vectren's electric generation fleet and natural gas

     distribution system;

   * an overview of current and future pollution control equipment on

     Vectren's coal-fired electric generation fleet and emissions reduction

     progress;

   * a functional snapshot of the pollution control equipment;

   * a listing of additional environmental expenditures beyond electric

     generation; and

   * an overview of future environmental challenges and opportunities and

     what Vectren is doing to address those issues.



   To view the 13-page report, visit  http://www.vectren.com/ .



   About Vectren





Vectren Corporation is an energy and applied technology holding company

headquartered in Evansville, Indiana. Vectren's energy delivery subsidiaries

provide gas and/or electricity to over one million customers in adjoining

service territories that cover nearly two-thirds of Indiana and west central

Ohio. Vectren's non-regulated subsidiaries and affiliates currently offer

energy-related products and services to customers throughout the Midwest and

Southeast. These include gas marketing and related services; coal production and

sales; and utility infrastructure services. To learn more about Vectren, visit

http://www.vectren.com/ .



First Call Analyst:

FCMN Contact:



CONTACT:  Chase Kelley of Vectren Corporation, +1-812-491-4128, or

 kckelley@vectren.com



Web site:   http://www.vectren.com/



SOURCE Vectren Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





