aa,PR Newswire,20120702,8:37,331755
                              74 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        July 2, 2012 Monday 8:37 AM EST



Mario Longhi Joins U. S. Steel As Executive Vice President and Chief Operating

Officer; Babcoke, Matthews and Williams Named to Executive Management Committee



LENGTH: 526 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH, July 2, 2012





United States Steel Corporation Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John P.

Surma today announced that the company's Board of Directors has elected Mario

Longhi to the position of executive vice president and chief operating officer.

He will report to U. S. Steel Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John P. Surma

and will be based at U. S. Steel's corporate headquarters in Pittsburgh. The

company also announced the appointments of George F. Babcoke, Douglas R.

Matthews and Michael S. Williams to the company's executive management

committee.



(Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120702/NE33868 )



Longhi, 58, will be responsible for U. S. Steel's North American Flat-Rolled,

Tubular and Central European operations, as well as global operations services.

"The global steel sector is facing one of the most complex and dynamic economic

environments in recent decades, which places increasing strategic and operating

demands on our company as we continue to execute our longer term business

strategy while remaining flexible in the near term," said Surma. "Mario joins

our already strong and experienced operating executive leadership team of George

Babcoke, Doug Matthews and Mike Williams who, collectively, have 100 years of

steel and metals manufacturing experience."



Most recently, Longhi spent six years at Gerdau Ameristeel Corporation, serving

first as president from 2005 through 2006 and then additionally in the role of

chief executive officer from 2006 until 2011. Prior to his tenure at Gerdau

Ameristeel, Longhi spent 23 years at Alcoa, where he advanced through

increasingly responsible positions in his native Brazil, the United States and

Switzerland, including president - Alcoa Wheels International, president - Alcoa

Forgings Division, president and chief executive officer - Howmet Castings, and

Alcoa vice president and group president - Global Extrusions.



"Mario is a seasoned strategic leader of operationally intensive, international

metals businesses, and is well known and highly regarded within the steel

industry," said Surma. "His demonstrated track record in leading businesses with

a focus on safety, quality, customer service excellence, continuous improvement,

growth and results are an excellent match with the core values and

results-oriented culture of U. S. Steel."



Babcoke, senior vice president - Europe and global operations services,

Matthews, senior vice president - Tubular Operations, and Williams, senior vice

president - North American Flat-Rolled Operations, will report directly to

Longhi.



Previously, Longhi served as chairman, director and executive committee member

of the Steel Manufacturers Association and director of the American Iron and

Steel Institute.



A native of Tatui, state of Sao Paulo, Brazil, Longhi earned a bachelor's degree

in metallurgical engineering from the Institute Maua de Tecnologica in Sao

Paulo. He became an American citizen in 2007.



Longhi and his wife, Maria Helena, will be relocating to Pittsburgh.



For more information about U. S. Steel, visit www.ussteel.com.



SOURCE United States Steel Corporation







CONTACT:Erin DiPietro, +1-412-433-6845, or Courtney Boone, +1-412-433-6791



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





