aa,PR Newswire,20111216,9:00,331827
                              146 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      December 16, 2011 Friday 9:00 AM EST



The USRBC Applauds Russia's Formal Invitation to Join the WTO



LENGTH: 445 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 16, 2011





The U.S.-Russia Business Council applauds Russia's formal invitation to join the

World Trade Organization (WTO), extended today at the Ministerial Conference in

Geneva. Russia's membership in the world's largest rules-based trading system

will provide tangible benefits to Russia as well as for U.S. businesses.



The liberalization of the Russian market and the increased transparency and

accountability that come with WTO accession will help to strengthen the trend

toward greater rule of law in Russia as well as provide a more predictable and

certain commercial environment in the country.



"I applaud today's decision to formally invite the Russian Federation to join

the World Trade Organization. Upon accession, Russia will become a more

integrated part of the global economy by opening its market to foreign companies

and adhering to international standards," said Klaus Kleinfeld, USRBC Chairman

and Chairman and CEO of Alcoa, Inc.



"Russia's membership in the WTO marks an important milestone in its history, but

there is hard work yet to be done on the American side," said Edward S. Verona,

USRBC President and CEO, referring to the lifting of the Jackson-Vanik

Amendment's application to Russia. "If Jackson-Vanik still applies to Russia

once it accedes, then U.S. companies and farmers will be at a disadvantage to

their global competitors and will not have access to the preferential trade

regime negotiated over the last 18 years," Mr. Verona added.



The USRBC, as the Secretariat for the Coalition for U.S.-Russia Trade, is

leading the effort on Capitol Hill to support the repeal of the Jackson-Vanik

Amendment as it applies to Russia. "As the Chairman of the U.S.-Russia Business

Council, I want to reiterate that our member companies support Russia's WTO

accession. The USRBC stands ready to work with the Congress and President Obama

in the coming months to ensure that U.S. companies are able to take advantage of

the growing Russian market," noted Mr. Kleinfeld.



The U.S.-Russia Business Council (USRBC) represents the interests of its 250

U.S. and Russian member companies, providing business development and government

relations support in both Moscow and Washington. The USRBC contributes to the

stability and development of a free market in Russia and supports Russia's

integration into the global economy. It also serves as the Secretariat for the

Coalition for U.S.-Russia Trade (www.usrussiatrade.org). For more information,

visit the USRBC online at: www.usrbc.org.



SOURCE U.S.-Russia Business Council







CONTACT:CONTACT: Svetlana Minjack, Director of Communications and External

Affairs, U.S.-Russia Business Council, +1 202-739-9182, sminjack@usrbc.org



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





