aa,PR Newswire,20110621,9:30,331886
                              205 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       June 21, 2011 Tuesday 9:30 AM EST



The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Alcoa, Aluminum Corporation of China Limited,

Rio Tinto, BHP Billiton and Brookfield Office Properties



LENGTH: 1120 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, June 21, 2011





Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day

the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting

stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include:

Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA), Aluminum Corporation Of China Limited , Rio Tinto plc.

(NYSE: RIO), BHP Billiton Ltd. and Brookfield Office Properties (NYSE: BPO).



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



Get the most recent insight from Zacks Equity Research with the free Profit from

the Pros newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5513



Here are highlights from Thursday's Analyst Blog:



Alcoa Re-aligns for China



Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA) stated that the company's Asia-Pacific regional

headquarters will report to Alcoa's Business Excellence and Corporate Strategy

organization, which is part of an initiative to support the expanding footprint

of Alcoa's three business groups in the fast-growing and strategically important

Chinese market.



This change goes into effect on July 1, 2011.



Asia-Pacific President Jinya Chen was elected Vice President of Alcoa by the

company's board of directors and will oversee Alcoa's China strategy. Chen

joined the company in 2007.



The company also announced that Jiming Zhu will join Alcoa as President of China

Rolled Products, with responsibility of managing all of Alcoa's Global Rolled

Products (GRP) operations in China. Zhu succeeds Mark Vrablec. Zhu, who was

chairman of Caterpillar China, will join the company in mid-July.



Alcoa expects to grow its rolled products business three times faster than the

market in the next three years by expanding its reach to customers in China's

automotive, packaging and consumer electronics markets.



Alcoa, a Pennsylvania-based corporation, is among the world's leading producers

of primary and fabricated aluminum and alumina. It involves the technology of

mining, refining, smelting, fabricating and recycling of aluminum. We believe

that Alcoa's cost reduction efforts are, to some extent, offsetting the negative

impact of higher energy and raw material costs on profitability.



The company is divesting underperforming assets through its restructuring

program. The annual global consumption of aluminum products, both upstream and

downstream, is expected to double over the next 15 years. This consumption boom

will be driven primarily by growth in China, India, Russia and Brazil, whose

demographics are accelerating development.



Alcoa faces stiff competition from Aluminum Corporation Of China Limited (NYSE:

ACH), Rio Tinto plc. and BHP Billiton Ltd. (NYSE: BHP).



Currently, Alcoa has a short-term (1 to 3 months) Zacks #3 Rank (Hold) and a

long-term (6 months) Neutral recommendation.



BPO Upgrading World Financial Center



Brookfield Office Properties (NYSE: BPO) is planning a $250 million retail

redevelopment of the World Financial Center in downtown Manhattan. The

redevelopment will include a connector to the area's transit hubs, which offers

high-end fashion, a European-style marketplace, and dinning destinations. The

construction is expected to commence by October 2011 and will likely be

completed by 2013.



The World Financial Center is an 8 million-square feet complex located in

downtown Manhattan surrounded by an affluent residential population and is home

to some of the most well-reputed international corporate firms. Brookfield made

significant investment in the redevelopment of this space considering the vested

interest for office space by many corporate firms. The Center is also ideally

located for retailers and restaurant operators.



These improvements are coming at the perfect time as it coincides with the

Hudson River Park's recent completion, the anticipated completion of the two

downtown transit centers and a $20 billion private and public investment in

lower Manhattan.



Brookfieldowns develops and manages premier office properties in the United

States, Canada and Australia. Its portfolio consists of 109 properties spanning

78 million square feet in the downtown cores of New York, Washington, D.C.,

Houston, Los Angeles, Toronto, Calgary, Ottawa, Sydney, Melbourne and Perth,

making it the global leader in the ownership and management of office assets.

Brookfield is currently in negotiations for more than two million square feet

space with other major office tenants in the financial service and media

sectors.



Brookfield currently retains a Zacks #3 Rank, which translates into a short-term

Hold rating. We are also maintaining our long-term Neutral recommendation on the

stock.



Want more from Zacks Equity Research? Subscribe to the free Profit from the Pros

newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5515.



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded stocks.

Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest

analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today:

http://at.zacks.com/?id=5517



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leon Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in stock

market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his many

accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system; the

Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1 margin.

The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market insights

of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit

from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to

be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros

at http://at.zacks.com/?id=5518.



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?re

f=ts



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Media Contact

Zacks Investment Research

800-767-3771 ext. 9339

support@zacks.com

http://www.zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





