aa,PR Newswire US,20070416,9:00,332291
                              610 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       April 16, 2007 Monday 1:00 PM GMT



Frost & Sullivan Announces Keynote Speakers for the 3rd Annual Innovations in

New Product Development and Marketing 2007 Executive MindXchange



LENGTH: 516 words



DATELINE: PALO ALTO, Calif. April 16





PALO ALTO, Calif., April 16  /PRNewswire/ -- Frost & Sullivan is pleased to

announce the scheduled keynote speakers for the 3rd Annual Innovations in New

Product Development and Marketing 2007: A Frost & Sullivan Executive

MindXchange, June 10-13, 2007 at the luxury Newport Beach Marriott Hotel & Spa

located in beautiful Newport Beach, CA. This interactive, relaxed networking

event will tackle many of the various innovation challenges that today's

business world faces in bringing new products and services to market. The event

will uncover the secrets to successful new product innovation, development, and

marketing through thorough examination of key strategies and best practices of

new product and service success.



Three notable keynote speakers have joined the already elite agenda of

executives focusing in-depth on new product innovation to drive their

organization's competitive edge:



Misha Riveros-Jacobson, President of Alcoa Auto and Truck Structures, will

discuss "The Critical Business Dimensions of Innovation." Charles Stunson,

Innovation & Strategy Leader at Sprint Nextel, will lead the "Go-No-Go of

Knowing What to Bank On"; while Miles Eddowes, Director of Open Innovation at

Unilever Home and Personal Care, will deliver his keynote address on, "Trend

Spotting: Capturing Corporate Growth and Innovation Opportunities."



Additional presentations throughout this 3 day Executive Event will include

Executive Insights, Case Histories and Interactive panel discussions from

leading organizations, including 3M, Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Beckman

Coulter, Hewlett Packard, Qwest Communications and STERIS Corporation.



The 3rd Annual Innovations in New Product Development 2007 Executive MindXchange

kicks off with an evening of networking on Sunday, June 10, 2007.



"...great setting to hear directly from the thinkers and doers. I'm coming back

next year. The presenters addressed issues clearly and directly and gave me

great insight as to the trends in innovation and innovation management."



Vice President of Technology and Innovation; Chiquita Fresh North America



For more information or to register please contact Tracy Henderson at

tracy.henderson@frost.com  or 210-477-8442 and receive a $250 discount off your

event registration.



Frost & Sullivan, a global growth consulting company, has been partnering with

clients to support the development of innovative strategies for more than 40

years. Its advisory expertise integrates growth consulting, growth partnership

services and corporate management training to identify and develop opportunities

for clients. While serving clientele ranging from virtually every Global 1000 to

emerging companies, Frost & Sullivan's comprehensive industry coverage includes

a global perspective of all vertical and horizontal industries. Its unique

coverage combines ongoing analysis of markets, technologies, econometrics, and

demographics. For more information visit  http://www.frost.com/



CONTACT:  Tracy Henderson of Frost & Sullivan, +1-210-477-8442,

 tracy.henderson@frost.com



Web site:   http://www.frost.com/



SOURCE Frost & Sullivan



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





