
                              858 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                            January 6, 2004 Tuesday



Universal Forest Products Again Named a Best-Performing Company By Forbes

Magazine



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 351 words



DATELINE: GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. Jan. 6





Universal Forest Products, Inc. (Nasdaq: UFPI) today announced it was again

named to Forbes magazine's Platinum 400, an annual listing of the 400

best-managed U.S. companies with more than $1 billion in annual revenue.



"This award speaks to the strength of our management team, the people they've

hired and trained and the systems they've implemented," said William G. Currie,

Universal's vice chairman and CEO. "We're always honored to be named to the list

and to be in the company of great U.S. firms."



Each year, Forbes evaluates 1,000 companies to select the best managed in 26

industries. Companies are ranked against their peers for five-year total return

as well as long- and short-term sales and earnings growth, and other yardsticks

such as long-term earnings forecasts from Thomson First Call. In addition,

Forbes uses an independent firm to help rank the companies on accounting and

governance.



Universal was included with 14 other firms (such as Alcoa, Temple Inland, and

Weyerhaeuser) in the materials industry and came in fifth with a five-year

annualized total return of 9.8%.



It is the fifth time in the last six years that Universal Forest Products has

been named to this prestigious list.



Universal Forest Products markets, manufactures, and engineers wood and

wood-alternative products for D-I-Y retail home centers, structural lumber

products for the manufactured housing industry, engineered wood components for

the site-built construction market and specialty wood packaging for various

industries. Among the company's newest and fastest-growing ventures are framing

and installation services for the site-built and retail sectors. In conjunction

with its customers, Universal uses its engineering and manufacturing expertise,

coupled with highly skilled employees, to design and construct buildings and

decks. For information about Universal Forest Products on the Internet, please

visit the Company's web site at www.ufpi.com , or call 888-Buy-UFPI.



SOURCE Universal Forest Products, Inc.



CONTACT: Lynn Afendoulis, Director, Public Affairs of Universal Forest Products,

Inc., +1-616-364-6161



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS EDITOR



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.

