
                              800 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                           September 28, 2004 Tuesday



TCI Precision Metals Selects Epicor(R) Manufacturing Software



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 661 words



DATELINE: IRVINE, Calif. Sept. 28





Epicor Software Corporation (Nasdaq: EPIC), a leading provider of integrated

enterprise software solutions for midmarket companies, today announced TCI

Precision Metals (www.tciprecision.com) has selected Epicor Vantage, a complete

end-to- end manufacturing system that addresses the core business needs of

make-to- order (MTO) and mixed-mode manufacturers. TCI Precision Metals will

implement Vantage to increase efficiency, maximize resources, minimize costs and

improve profitability by automating and streamlining the order cycle.



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20040615/LATU008LOGO)



Established in 1956, TCI Precision Metals is an Alcoa and Kaiser aluminum

warehouse distributor with comprehensive machining capabilities serving the

Aerospace, Medical, and Automotive markets. TCI Precision Metals provides high

quality pre-machining and finish machining of virtually any material, including

aluminum, stainless, titanium, brass, copper and plastic. A wide range of

operations are performed to exacting tolerances, including Blanchard grinding,

Double-Disc grinding, duplex milling, CNC machining, Water Jet cutting, turning,

sawing, flattening, and surface improvement.



TCI Precision Metals chose Vantage because it's delivered 'out of the box' with

built-in workflow processes that enable manufacturers to manage the entire order

cycle: from Marketing and Sales through Production and Planning, Sourcing and

Procurement, Installation and Service, and finally Financial recognition. In

addition to the core Vantage modules, TCI Precision Metals plans to implement

Vantage Product Configurator, Business Intelligence (BI) and embedded Customer

Relationship Management (CRM) suites.



Optimized for rapid installation, low training costs, simple operation, easy

modification, and cost-effective expansion, Vantage is used by more than 1,500

companies worldwide. Vantage is designed at the core to work the way

manufacturers need a powerful manufacturing software solution to work. With a

deep understanding of the challenges and problems an enterprise and supply chain

face each day, Vantage is designed to closely match the way manufacturers

operate, making it easier to learn and use. Because the entire Vantage solution

streamlines the order cycle, an enterprise can maximize its resources, minimize

its costs and improve profitability.



About Epicor Software Corporation



For 20 years, Epicor has been a recognized leader dedicated to providing

integrated enterprise resource planning (ERP), customer relationship management

(CRM) and supply chain management (SCM) software solutions to midmarket

companies around the world. With the acquisition of Scala, Epicor is a global

leader in the midmarket serving over 20,000 customers in over 140 countries.

Epicor leverages innovative technologies like Web services in developing

end-to-end, industry-specific solutions for manufacturing, distribution,

enterprise service automation, and hospitality that enable companies to

immediately drive efficiency throughout business operations and build

competitive advantage. With the scalability and flexibility to support long-term

growth, Epicor's solutions are complemented by a full range of services,

providing a single point of accountability to promote rapid return on investment

and low total cost of ownership. Epicor's worldwide headquarters are located in

Irvine, California with offices and affiliates around the world. For more

information, visit the company's Web site at www.epicor.com.



Epicor and Vantage are registered trademarks of Epicor Software Corporation.

Scala is a registered trademark of Scala Business Solutions NV, an Epicor

subsidiary. Other trademarks referenced are the property of their respective

owners. The product and service offerings depicted in this document are produced

by Epicor Software Corporation.



SOURCE Epicor Software Corporation



CONTACT: Lisa Preuss of Epicor Software Corporation, +1-949-585-4235,

lpreuss@epicor.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO TECHNOLOGY AND BUSINESS EDITORS



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





