aa,PR Newswire US,20070504,16:47,332276
                              595 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                         May 4, 2007 Friday 8:47 PM GMT



McGraw-Hill Construction/Sweets Showcases 3D Models of Building Products in

Google 3D Warehouse at AIA National Convention and Design Expo;

Sweets Provides Architects with 1000+ 3D Models of Building Products by 36

Manufacturers in Google SketchUp Format; Models Aid Early Design Process



LENGTH: 989 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK May 4





NEW YORK, May 4  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- McGraw-Hill Construction, part of The

McGraw-Hill Companies (NYSE:MHP), today showcased three-dimensional models of

building products for architects and engineers in the Google 3D Warehouse.  This

initiative provides a faster, more user-friendly method of delivering

professional, authentic 3D content.  The showcase of this new technology took

place at the AIA National Convention and Design Expo in San Antonio, TX.



By making 3D models available in an organized Sweets3D Collection at

http://www.sweets.com/ , McGraw-Hill Construction has enabled architects to

integrate specific building products early in the conceptual design process,

thus making it easier to convey their full vision for the project to their

clients.



"Designers stake their reputation on the quality of their designs. They want to

create compelling models that help clients truly and accurately visualize an

idea," says Norbert Young, president of McGraw-Hill Construction. "Adding 3D

models to our Sweets portfolio, which is the design community's leading source

of building product information, will help us serve architects in this early

conceptual design phase. We are very excited about the tremendous interest we

are seeing firsthand at the show."



The Sweets 3D Collection in the Google 3D Warehouse launched its pilot in early

March with 3D models from Assa Abloy Door Security Solutions, CENTRIA

Architectural Systems, DuPont Building Innovations, Nystrom, PPG Industries,

Sloan Valve Company, ThyssenKrupp Elevator, and Whirlpool. Since then, the

following firms have added models to the collection: A.R.K. Ramos Signage

Systems, Alcan Composites, Alcoa, Armstrong Ceiling, The Bilco Company,

Blumcraft, DORMA Glas, Draper, EMCO Specialty Products, Inc., Fiberglass

Specialties, Inc., Gladiator Garage Works, Haworth, Infinite Storage Solutions,

Jenn-Air, KitchenAid, Inc., Livers Bronze Company, Norton, Optimum Window

Manufacturing Corp., Pella Corp., Penco Products, Inc., Peterson Aluminum Corp.,

Pittsburgh Corning Glass Block, Rixson, Sherwin-Williams, Valiant Products,

Inc., The Wagner Companies, Wiremold/Legrand, and Won Door Corp. These 36 firms

offer more than 1,000 3D models.



"We constantly seek to provide designers with the easiest and best means

possible to include Sloan products in their designs.  We are very excited to be

involved with Sweets3D and Google SketchUp as they break new ground in helping

architects realize their vision in a whole new way," said Susan Kennedy,

director of marketing, Sloan Valve Company. To view Sweets 3D Collection, go to

http://sketchup.google.com/3dwarehouse/ .



Searching for products in the Sweets3D collection is consistent with industry

standards based on Sweets CSI indexing, keyword, and company names. "This

reflects the way architects, engineers, and contractors think and seek out

information. From Google's 3D Warehouse, architects and engineers are able to

link directly to the product's web page in  http://www.sweets.com/  to get more

detailed information including product catalogs, CAD details, and 3-part

specifications. Having all of this information connected will help architects

throughout their design process," added Mr. Young.



"SketchUp is an absolutely wonderful 3D tool that enables me to be re- involved

in the design process - even on the road," says Peter Moriarty AIA, CEO of

600-person A/E firm Burt Hill. "Best of all, it has revived the fun I used to

have when I was on the drawing board. I often work with it in my hotel room,

after a client meeting, in order to develop my thoughts on the design direction,

which I then email to a design team in one of our offices. Typically, they

advance my concepts in SketchUp, and then export the model to a more

sophisticated CAD or BIM tool for final design. Knowing that I can extract

actual building products from the Sweets Collection for SketchUp in the Google

3D Warehouse to insert into the model, I am more confident that the initial

concept will work without requiring major resizing or reconfiguration," Moriarty

added.



SketchUp is compatible with CAD products such as Graphisoft(R) Archicad 10,

MicroStation(R) V8, Autodesk(R) AutoCAD(R) Revit(R) Series Systems Plus,

VectorWorks(R) Architect, DataCAD, Nemetschek, Rhinoceros(R) and Softech.



Building product manufacturers who would like additional information on

participating in Sweets3D can call 1-800-221-0088.



About McGraw-Hill Construction:



McGraw-Hill Construction, part of The McGraw-Hill Companies (NYSE:MHP), connects

people, projects and products across the design and construction industry.

Backed by the power of Dodge ( http://www.dodge.construction.com/ ) , Sweets (

http://www.sweets.com/ ), Engineering News-Record ENR,(  http://www.enr.com/ ),

Architectural Record ( http://www.architecturalrecord.com/ ), GreenSource (

http://www.greensourcemag.com/ ), and 11 regional publications, the company

provides information, intelligence, tools, applications and resources to help

customers grow their business. McGraw-Hill Construction serves more than one

million customers within the $4.6 trillion global construction community. For

more information, visit  http://www.construction.com/



About The McGraw-Hill Companies Founded in 1888, The McGraw-Hill Companies

(NYSE:MHP) is a leading global information services provider meeting worldwide

needs in the financial services, education and business information markets

through leading brands including Standard & Poor's, McGraw-Hill Education,

BusinessWeek and J.D. Power and Associates. The Corporation has more than 280

offices in 40 countries. Sales in 2006 were $6.3 billion. Additional information

is available at  http://www.mcgraw-hill.com/ .



CONTACT:  Kathy Malangone

McGraw-Hill Construction

(212) 904-4376

 kathy_malangone@mcgraw-hill.com



Web site:  http://www.sweets.com/

 http://www.mcgraw-hill.com/

 http://www.construction.com/



SOURCE The McGraw-Hill Companies



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





