aa,PR Newswire,20121116,13:13,331693
                              12 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      November 16, 2012 Friday 1:13 PM EST



U.S.-Russia Business Council Hails Overwhelming Vote in Support of Russia PNTR

in the U.S. House of Representatives



LENGTH: 480 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 16, 2012





 The U.S. Russia Business Council (USRBC) hailed today's overwhelming vote of

365-43 in the U.S. House of Representatives to remove Russia from the provisions

of the Jackson-Vanik amendment and to establish U.S. Permanent Normal Trade

Relations (PNTR) with Russia as a crucial advancement in U.S.-Russia commercial

relations.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120713/MM40069LOGO-b )



Republican and Democratic Members in the House threw their support in large

numbers behind the legislation that places businesses one step closer to full

access to the market-opening liberalizations Russia agreed to as it joined the

World Trade Organization earlier this year.  The bill must now be passed by the

U.S. Senate.



"We congratulate the House of Representatives on the passage of Permanent Normal

Trade Relations for Russia," said Chairman of USRBC and Chairman and CEO of

Alcoa, Klaus Kleinfeld. "This will ensure that U.S. companies and their workers

have a level playing field when competing for growing opportunities in the

Russian market. We urge the Senate to act quickly so that the President can sign

this bill into law as soon as possible," said Kleinfeld.



It has been 86 days since Russia entered the WTO, and U.S. manufacturers,

service providers, farmers and ranchers need PNTR in place to tap fully into the

opportunities Russia's WTO commitments offer.  Currently, U.S. competitors can

access the full breadth of new rules Russia must abide by - but not U.S. firms.

Also, without PNTR, U.S. companies have no recourse to redress any WTO

compliance failures by Russia.



"The U.S.-Russia Business Council has played a central role in the effort to

secure Permanent Normal Trade Relations (PNTR) for the U.S. business community,"

said Edward Verona, President of the USRBC.  He added, "Our companies see

opportunity in the world's 9th largest market from sectors spanning

infrastructure to consumer goods.  As the leader of the business community's

Coalition for U.S.-Russia Trade, USRBC is pleased to see that legislators

recognize that PNTR is not a reward to Russia, but rather benefits only U.S.

manufacturers, service providers and farmers.  Today's vote underscores that

this is a good deal for U.S. jobs and the U.S. economy."



The U.S.-Russia Business Council (USRBC) represents the interests of its 250

U.S. and Russian member companies, providing business development and government

relations support in both Moscow and Washington. The USRBC contributes to the

stability and development of a free market in Russia and supports Russia's

integration into the global economy. It also serves as the Secretariat for the

Coalition for U.S.-Russia Trade. Learn more at http://www.usrbc.org and

http://www.usrussiatrade.org .



SOURCE U.S.-Russia Business Council







CONTACT: Randi Levinas, Executive Vice President, U.S.-Russia Business Council,

+1-202-739-9196, levinas@usrbc.org



LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





