aa,PR Newswire,20080506,12:02,332197
                              516 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        May 6, 2008 Tuesday 4:02 PM GMT



The Lucian Leape Institute at the National Patient Safety Foundation Announces

the Appointment of Two New Members



LENGTH: 642 words



DATELINE: NORTH ADAMS, Mass. May 6





NORTH ADAMS, Mass., May 6 /PRNewswire/ -- The Lucian Leape Institute at the

National Patient Safety Foundation(TM) is proud to announce the appointment of

two new Institute Members: James A. Guest and Paul H. O'Neill. The Institute,

established by the National Patient Safety Foundation(R) (NPSF) in May 2007, is

a think tank charged with defining strategic paths and calls to action for the

field of patient safety. Its goal is to provide vision and context for the many

safety-related efforts already underway within the healthcare system and to call

for system-level changes necessary to accelerate the work. Its Founding Members

include Dr. Lucian Leape, Dr. David Lawrence, Julianne Morath, Dr. Donald

Berwick, Dr. Carolyn Clancy, James Conway and Dr. Dennis O'Leary, all of whom

are renowned leaders in the patient safety field.



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20080307/AQF053LOGO )



James A. Guest will bring additional consumer perspective to the work of the

Institute. Mr. Guest became President and Chief Executive Officer of Consumers

Union (CU) in February 2001 after a long career in public service and the

consumer interest, including 21 years as Chair of CU's Board of Directors. CU

publishes Consumer Reports and ConsumerReports.org. Mr. Guest also serves on the

board of Consumers International, a global federation of 250 organizations from

115 countries.



Paul H. O'Neill will add viewpoint and safety expertise from industry, where he

was Chairman and CEO of Alcoa from 1987 to 1999, retiring as Chairman at the end

of 2000. In December of 1997, he co-founded the Pittsburgh Regional Healthcare

Initiative, a regional consortium of medical, business, and civic leaders to

address healthcare safety and quality improvement as a social and business

imperative. Mr. O'Neill was the 72nd Secretary of the U.S. Treasury, serving

from 2001-2002 and prior to that worked in the U.S. Veterans Administration and

the U.S. Office of Management and Budget, where he served as Deputy Director

from 1974 to 1977.



Diane C. Pinakiewicz, President of the National Patient Safety Foundation and

the Lucian Leape Institute at NPSF, commented on the appointments. "We are

honored to welcome these distinguished leaders to the Institute," she said.

"Their perspectives will provide critical insights for the Institute's

deliberations and further inform the important work it has embarked upon."

Lucian Leape, Chair of the Institute, added, "Mr. Guest and Mr. O'Neill are

ideal additions to the Institute. Our work will be richer for their presence and

the expertise they will bring to us."



ABOUT THE LUCIAN LEAPE INSTITUTE at the NATIONAL PAITIENT SAFETY FOUNDATION



The Lucian Leape Institute at the National Patient Safety Foundation was founded

in May 2007 to provide strategic direction for the field of patient safety. The

Lucian Leape Institute is a program of The National Patient Safety

Foundation(R), an independent not-for-profit 501(c)(3) organization that has

been pursuing one mission -- improving the safety of the healthcare system for

the patients and families it serves -- since its founding in 1997.



ABOUT NPSF



The National Patient Safety Foundation(R) (NPSF) is an independent nonprofit

organization dedicated to improving patient safety and reducing medical errors

through research, education and dissemination of programs. It is an

unprecedented partnership of stakeholders working together to raise awareness

and improve the safety of the health care system. The NPSF was founded in 1997

by the American Medical Association, CNA HealthPro, and 3M, with significant

support from the Schering-Plough Corporation. For more information, visit

http://www.npsf.org/ .



CONTACT: Bernadette Lupo of NPSF, +1-413-663-2018, Blupo@npsf.org



Web site: http://www.npsf.org/



SOURCE The Lucian Leape Institute at the National Patient Safety Foundation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





