aa,PR Newswire,20110901,17:27,331869
                              188 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     September 1, 2011 Thursday 5:27 PM EST



Outstanding Washington State Philanthropists to be Honored at Association of

Fundraising Professionals - Washington Chapter's National Philanthropy Day

Luncheon



LENGTH: 493 words



DATELINE: SEATTLE, Sept. 1, 2011





The Association of Fundraising Professionals - Washington Chapter has named six

outstanding philanthropists to honor at its 23rd anniversary National

Philanthropy Day luncheon.



The luncheon will be held Nov. 18, 2011, at The Westin Hotel in downtown

Seattle. More than 1,000 donors, volunteers, leaders and other supporters of

nonprofit organizations are expected to attend - making it among the largest

National Philanthropy Day celebrations in the nation.



National Philanthropy Day honors and supports the efforts and passions of

philanthropic leaders and the organizations they serve.



New this year, AFP - Washington is joining with the Northwest Development

Officers Association to reach individuals ages five to 24 who are passionate

about giving back to their communities. Up to 100 seats at this year's luncheon

will be reserved for $10 each to honor these young philanthropists.



The 2011 honorees are:



Tom and Sonya Campion - Outstanding Philanthropists

Alcoa of Washington - Outstanding Philanthropic Corporation

Compendium - Outstanding Small Company

Wilburforce Foundation - Outstanding Philanthropic Organization

Kenneth and Marleen Alhadeff - Outstanding Family

Rena Mateja Walker Burr - Outstanding Young Philanthropist



"The donors we will honor are heroes and `she-roes' in our community - people

who step up, take gigantic leaps of faith, and stretch themselves to support

causes they deeply believe in," said Peter Drury, president of AFP-Washington

Chapter and Director of Development for A Child's Right in Tacoma. "I look

forward to honoring them all."



The National Philanthropy Day luncheon is open to the public. To register,

please go to

http://www.afpwashington.org/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&catid=19%

3Asite-content&id=83%3Aphilanthropy-day-registration&Itemid=111.



About the Association of Fundraising Professionals: The Washington Chapter of

the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP) presents one of the oldest

and largest National Philanthropy Day celebrations in the country with more than

1,000 attendees. Each November the organization joins national and international

colleagues to celebrate exceptional individuals and organizations that have

dedicated themselves to philanthropy. Nationally, AFP represents more than

26,000 members in 172 chapters throughout the world, working to advance

philanthropy through advocacy, research, education and certification programs.

AFP fosters development and growth of fundraising professionals and promotes

high ethical standards in the fundraising profession. For more information,

visit www.afpwashington.org. To learn more about the youth initiative, contact

Lauren Soderland at lsoderland@pacsci.org or Julie Bianchi at

julieb@collinsgroup.com



SOURCE The Washington Chapter of the Association of Fundraising Professionals

(AFP)







CONTACT:Cynthia Flash for The Washington Chapter of the Association of

Fundraising Professionals, +1-425-603-9520, cynthia@flashmediaservices.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





