
                              805 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                           September 14, 2004 Tuesday



MORNING UPDATE: Man Securities Issues Alerts for SEBL, OVTI, AA, ERICY, and LNCR



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 1372 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO Sept. 14





Man Securities issues the following Morning Update at 8:30 AM EDT with new

PriceWatch Alerts for key stocks.



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20020214/MANSECLOGO )



Before the open... PriceWatch Alerts for SEBL, OVTI, AA, ERICY, and LNCR, Market

Overview, Today's Economic Calendar, and the Quote Of The Day.



QUOTE OF THE DAY



"The market has been positive when Bush is doing well."



-- Todd Leone, head of listed trading, SG Cowen.



New PriceWatch Alerts for SEBL, OVTI, AA, ERICY, and LNCR...



PRICEWATCH ALERTS - HIGH RETURN COVERED CALL OPTIONS



-- Siebel Systems Inc. (Nasdaq: SEBL)

 Last Price 8.43 - JAN 7.50 CALL OPTION@ $1.35 -> 5.9 % Return assigned*



-- OmniVision Technologies Inc. (Nasdaq: OVTI)

 Last Price 12.98 - OCT 12.50 CALL OPTION@ $1.15 -> 5.7 % Return

 assigned*



-- Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA)

 Last Price 30.79 - JAN 30.00 CALL OPTION@ $2.45 -> 5.9 % Return

 assigned*



-- Ericsson Telephone (Nasdaq: ERICY)

 Last Price 28.61 - JAN 25.00 CALL OPTION@ $5.20 -> 6.8 % Return

 assigned*



-- Lincare Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: LNCR)

 Last Price 29.90 - OCT 30.00 CALL OPTION@ $1.65 -> 6.2 % Return

 assigned*



* To learn more about how to use these alerts and for our FREE report, "The 18

Warning Signs That Tell You When To Dump A Stock", go to:

http://www.investorsobserver.com/mu18



(Note: You may need to copy the link above into your browser then press the

$(ENTER$) key)



** For the FREE report, "The Secrets of Smart Election Year Investing -

Insights, Stocks, And Strategies." go to:

http://www.InvestorsObserver.com/FREEelection



NOTE: All stocks and options shown are examples only. These are not

recommendations to buy or sell any security.



MARKET OVERVIEW



Overseas markets appear a little worn this morning as only three of the 15

markets that we track are currently in positive territory. The cumulative

average return on the group stands at a relatively mundane minus 0.087 percent.

Financial analysts became less optimistic about the German economy in September

according to the key ZEW survey of economists. The ZEW figure came in at 38.4,

down from the 45.3 posted in August and beneath expectations for an improved

46.0 posting. The September report was a compilation of the responses from 298

respondents with the indicator showing the difference between the positive and

negative forecasts for economic development over the next six months in the

German economy. Despite this negative sentiment the Frankfurt DAX is holding up

better than the France CAC 40 and the FTSE 100 in early trade this morning.



The pair of weekly reports on the health of the retailing sector will take a

back seat this morningin favor of the monthly figures for August. For the

record, the ICSC-UBS Store Sales Index for the week ending September 4 came in

unchanged, while Redbook Retail Sales for the same period advanced by 0.9

percent. At 8:30 a.m., the Second Quarter Current Account is expected to have

swelled to a deficit of $161.0 billion falling deeper into the crevasse of

concern than the $144.9 billion shortcoming of the prior reading. This is an

extremely important figure because the greater the deficit becomes, the greater

the requirement of foreign investment into the U.S. is required to fund it. The

other side of that sword is that if the figure becomes too repulsive to foreign

investors, that funding could well dry up. Sharing that same time slot August

Retail and Food Sales are expected to have declined by 0.1 percent, somewhat

offsetting the prior month's surprise 0.7 percent advance. Pulling autos sale

out of that figure and sales are expected to have advanced by 0.2 percent,

matching the prior month's plus 0.2 percent. The key figure to watch as a truer

picture of consumer demand is the retail sales number without autos and fuel

purchases. Last month that figure rose by 0.259 percent, exceeding both headline

figures.



Be prepared for the investing week ahead with Bernie Schaeffer's FREE Monday

Morning Outlook. For more details and to sign up, go to:

http://www.investorsobserver.com/freemo



DYNAMIC MARKET OPPORTUNITIES



The Chinese central bank hasn't raised interest rates since 1995. And despite

reporting a marked slowdown in investment and money supply growth yesterday, a

lofty inflation rate suggests that might not be enough to prompt a more

pronounced economic cooling without the aid of monetary policy intervention. In

any event, the central bank will wait for the full economic figures from August,

as well as the U.S. Federal Reserve's monetary policy decision on September 21

(expected to be another interest rate hike) before making a move of its own.

China's consumer price index for August jumped 5.3% from a year earlier, but

remained flat compared to July, and came in below the consensus forecasts for

5.4%. Nevertheless, with inflation hovering around the official interest rate

for one-year corporate loans, Monday's figures kept alive speculation that China

may raise rates, since a negative lending rate in real terms could overheat the

housing market and offset economic cooling measures. Elsewhere, William Colburn,

chief trader at the 247Profits Group's Volume Spike Indicator investment

service, handed his readers some healthy Monday gains. After recommending Avanir

Pharmaceuticals on August 30, he advised them to cash out today as recent

explosive activity for the stock led it to $3.18 -- a 21% profit from the entry

price.



Receive incisive economic/market commentary, profitable advice and access to a

network of leading investment exports. Simply follow this link:

http://www.investorsobserver.com/agora2



TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR



Tuesday:



    7:45 a.m.: ICSC-UBS Store Sales Index for the week ending September 11

                (last unchanged).





8:30 a.m.: Second Quarter Current Account (last minus $144.9 billion).



8:30 a.m.: August Retail and Food Sales (last plus 0.7 percent).



8:30 a.m.: August Retail and Food Sales less autos (last plus 0.2

                percent).



    8:55 a.m.: Redbook Retail Sales for the week ending September 11 (last

                plus 0.9 percent).





10:00 a.m.: August Richmond Fed Manufacturing Index (last plus 6).



    6:30 p.m.: ABC/Money Magazine Consumer Confidence Index for the week

                ending September 11 (last minus 7).





Man Securities is one of the world's leading option order execution firms. Man's

in-house broker team offers a level of personal service and experience

unavailable from no-frills discount brokers. To improve your understanding of

option pricing get Man's FREE "Margin/Option Wizard software at:

http://www.investorsobserver.com/mancd . Member CBOE/NASD/SPIC.



This Morning Update was prepared with data and information provided by:



InvestorsObserver.com -- Better Strategies for Making Money -> For Investors

With a Sense of Humor. Only $1 for your first month plus seven free bonuses

worth over $420, see: http://www.investorsobserver.com/must



247profits.com: You'll get exclusive financial commentary, access to a global

network of experts and undiscovered stock alerts. Register NOW for the FREE

247profits e-Dispatch. Go to: http://www.investorsobserver.com/agora



Schaeffer's Investment Research -- Sign up for your FREE e-weekly, Monday

Morning Outlook, Bernie Schaeffer's look ahead at the markets. Sign Up Now

http://www.investorsobserver.com/freemo



PowerOptionsPlus -- The Best Way To Find, Compare, Analyze, and Make Money On

Options Investments. For a 14-Day FREE trial and 5 FREE bonuses go to:

http://www.PowerOptionsPlus.com



All stocks and options shown are examples only. These are not recommendations to

buy or sell any security and they do not represent in any way a positive or

negative outlook for any security. Potential returns do not take into account

your trade size, brokerage commissions or taxes which will affect actual

investment returns. Stocks and options involve risk and are not suitable for all

investors and investing in options carries substantial risk. Prior to buying or

selling options, a person must receive a copy of Characteristics and Risks of

Standardized Options available from Sharon at 800-837-6212 or at

http://www.cboe.com/Resources/Intro.asp . Privacy policy available upon request.



SOURCE Man Securities



CONTACT: Michael Lavelle of Man Securities, +1-800-837-6212



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS EDITOR



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





