aa,PR Newswire US,20061011,9:31,332350
                              669 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                     October 11, 2006 Wednesday 1:31 PM GMT



Seven Summits Research Releases Alerts on INTC, T, NBR, AA, and FDX



LENGTH: 723 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO Oct. 11





CHICAGO, Oct. 11  /PRNewswire/ -- Seven Summits Research issues PriceWatch

Alerts for key stocks.



Seven Summits Strategic Investments' PriceWatch Alerts are available at

http://www.iotogo.com/smu.asp?p=101106A  (Note: You may have to copy this link

into your browser then press the [ENTER] key.)



Today's PriceWatch Alerts cover the following stocks: Intel Corp. (NASDAQ:INTC),

AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T), Nabors Industries Ltd. (NYSE:NBR), Alcoa Inc. (NYSE:AA), and

FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX).



Along with our PriceWatch Alerts, these brief reports contain a concise market

overview, economic calendar and Dynamic Market Opportunities. PriceWatch Alerts

include hedged trade ideas designed to potentially protect investors from

unexpected market shifts. While other market reports only provide stock news, we

offer strategies that hedge investments against uncertainty. Hedged trades

increase your chances of making a profit, even if a stock goes down.



"Our PriceWatch Alerts go beyond other market reports. Along with a brief

concise market overview, each PriceWatch Alert provides useful strategies, which

ensure potential investments are protected with basic hedging techniques," says

Reid Stratton, Seven Summits Senior Analyst. "This brief report contains

information that can benefit expert and novice investors who want to stay ahead

of the market."



For essential information on stocks poised to move go to:

http://www.iotogo.com/smu.asp?p=101106A  for Seven Summits Strategic

Investments' PriceWatch Alerts.



Seven Summits Investment Research is an independent investment research group,

which focuses on the U.S. equities and options markets. Our analytical tools,

screening techniques, rigorous research methods and committed staff provide

solid information to help our clients make the best possible investment

decisions. For more information go to

http://www.sevensummitsinvestmentresearch.com/ . CRD# 137114



Special Offer:



Unusual Trading Activity on Glamis Gold - Jon Najarian On Aug. 17, there were

21,000 options traded in Glamis Gold -- two weeks before its $8.6 billion

takeover by Goldcorp. Given that the average daily volume in Glamis options was

just 1,283 contracts, this strongly implies someone may have acted on advance

information. What do they know that you don't? Now you can have the "insider's

advantage." You see, my proprietary HeatSeeker technology tracks "unusual

trading activity" on the options exchange. "Exchanges," actually. Unlike the old

days when all the trades went through one location, options trade today on 6

different exchanges, totaling some 120,000 different quotes every second. And

HeatSeeker captures and searches every one of them for that nugget of

intelligence, which reveals when the "smart money" players are making one of

their patented "in-the-know" moves. To learn more about HeatSeeker, register for

my free online seminar, "How to Follow the Smart Money and Trade Options Like a

Pro." It's an on-demand program, ready to view at your convenience, and it's

absolutely FREE:  http://iplacereports.com/?sid=6WT272



Portions of our alerts may contain content provided by 247profits.com. Read more

economic/market/stock analysis from the Taipan Group and 247Profits.com every

trading day with the FREE 247Profits Dynamic Market Alert. Featuring: insightful

economic commentary from the US and worldwide ... profitable investment

recommendations ... and full access to the leading team of financial experts.

Register for free here:  http://www.iotogo.com/dynamicmarketalert .



All stocks and options shown are examples only -- not recommendations to buy or

sell. Our picks do not represent a positive or negative outlook on any security.

Potential returns do not take into account your trade size, brokerage

commissions or taxes -- expenses that will affect actual investment returns.

Stocks and options involve risk, thus they are not suitable for all investors.

Prior to buying or selling options, a person should request a copy of

Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options available from Catherine at

800-698-9101 or at  http://www.cboe.com/Resources/Intro.aspx . Privacy policy

available upon request.



CONTACT:  Steve Blackbourniski of Seven Summits Investment Research,

+1-434-293-9100



Web site:   http://www.sevensummitsstrategicinvestments.com/



SOURCE Seven Summits Investment Research



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





