
                              839 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                             March 23, 2004 Tuesday



North Shore Work Scheduled on Sunday, March 28th



SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS



LENGTH: 966 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH March 23





Duquesne Light Company (NYSE: DQE) announced today that it would perform circuit

rehabilitation on the North Shore this Sunday that is intended to upgrade

targeted equipment, increase operational flexibility and provide for electrical

needs in the high growth area of the North Shore around PNC Park. In order for

Duquesne Light crews to perform the underground work required, a scheduled

outage will begin at 6 a.m. and end before midnight.



All customers affected by this outage are being notified directly or through the

company that manages the residential or commercial building.



The scheduled outage will allow Duquesne Light crews to replace underground

switches and related equipment with newer equipment that should provide

continued reliability, minimize and reduce the duration of unplanned outages,

and provide additional flexibility and resources to accommodate growth in the

North Shore area.



Traffic restrictions will take place during this scheduled interruption of

electric service, including:



* Navigation lights on the Sixth Street Bridge

 * Traffic signals on General Robinson, Federal and South Commons

 * Streetlights on the 16th Street Bridge

 * Streetlights on Federal from the Sixth Street Bridge to South Commons

 * Parking lots on East Commons across from PNC Park and on South Commons

 at Federal

 * North Shore Parking Garage

 * Plaza lights in the North Shore Public Square



Among the buildings or businesses affected are:



    Alcoa Headquarters    Children's Museum         NRG Energy

     Andy Warhol Museum    Hightops Restaurant       Professional Office

     Boggs Building        Limbach Corporation        Bldg.  1 Allegheny Ctr.

     Buhl Building         Lincoln North Shore       SMS Engineering

     Carnegie Library       Apartments               Timber Court Center

                      North Side Deposit Bank  U.S. Post Office in

                                                      Allegheny Center





Duquesne Light continually monitors performance on each of its distribution

circuits across the region and has plans in place that should result in

continued reliability improvement this year. Plans for this spring included

targeted equipment upgrades, and capacity expansion and system reinforcement

projects to further improve reliability, and additional projects aimed to reduce

outage durations.



This outage is scheduled for this time because work in the North Shore area is

limited by the activities and high traffic demands surrounding events at Heinz

Field, PNC Park, and Allegheny Center.  Duquesne Light will have a full

complement of personnel dedicated to completing the work with the least amount

of disruption. Crews will work at 5 different sites simultaneously to complete

all the work necessary with one outage.



Duquesne Light realizes this scheduled outage may create some temporary

inconveniences. Duquesne Light has set up a special hotline number at 412-

393-6130 that will allow customers to contact the company with any questions or

to speak to a representative about appropriate actions they should take to

prepare for this interruption. Duquesne Light has provided information about

"How to Prepare for an Electric Service Interruption" (see attached). This

information can also be found at the Duquesne Light website,

www.duquesnelight.com . Just click on "Storm Center" along the right side of the

home page.



About Duquesne Light



Headquartered in Pittsburgh, Duquesne Light is a leader in the transmission and

distribution of electric energy, offering technological innovation and superior

customer service and reliability to more than half a million direct customers

throughout southwestern Pennsylvania.



                 Steps to Prepare for this Service Interruption





Duquesne Light recommends that you make plans to leave affected buildings and

stay with family or friends during the service interruption scheduled for

Sunday, March 28, 2004. In the event you require assistance, please contact

Duquesne Light through a hotline phone number 412-393-6130, set up specifically

to answer your questions.



Below are some pointers on how to prepare for the service interruption.



* Make sure there are flashlights, a battery-powered radio and fresh

 batteries in an easily accessible area.

 * Check medications that require refrigeration to see if they will be

 affected by a prolonged interruption of power. Consult a doctor or

 pharmacist if you're not sure. You may want to prepare a small cooler

 to use for special medication.

 * Disconnect or turn off appliances before the scheduled outage on

 March 28. Leave a light on so you will know when power is restored.

 You should double-check that all heat producing appliances, such as

 stoves, irons and curling irons are unplugged.



This information can also be found at the Duquesne Light website,

www.duquesnelight.com . Just click on "Storm Center" along the right side of the

home page.



                         GENERAL FOOD SAFETY GUIDELINES





* Since refrigerated food is safe only for about four hours, we suggest

 you plan to use most of your refrigerated foods by the morning of

 Sunday, March 28th, or make arrangements to transport it elsewhere.

 * Avoid opening the freezer. Food will stay frozen in a fully loaded

 freezer for 36 to 48 hours if the doors remain closed. If the freezer

 is half full, the food will generally keep for 24 hours. If a freezer

 is not full, move packages together to insulate them and keep them as

 cold as possible.

 * Don't taste food that has an odd color or smell. When in doubt, throw

 it out.

 * If the food isn't safe for you, it isn't safe for your pet.



For additional food safety information, contact the USDA at 1-800-535-4555 or

visit www.fsis.usda.gov .



SOURCE Duquesne Light Holdings



CONTACT: John Laudenslager or Joe Balaban of Duquesne Light Company,

+1-412-232-6848



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO CITY AND ENERGY EDITOR



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





