aa,PR Newswire US,20060216,10:31,332395
                              714 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                     February 16, 2006 Thursday 3:31 PM GMT



Alan Brown Tapped to Head the Pennsylvania NanoMaterials Commercialization

Center



LENGTH: 984 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH Feb. 16





PITTSBURGH, Feb. 16  /PRNewswire/ -- The Pennsylvania NanoMaterials

Commercialization Center recently announced that Alan G. Brown, Ph.D., has been

selected to head the newly formed economic development initiative. The center,

which was established after securing initial start-up funding from the Ben

Franklin Technology Development Authority, will support nanomaterials

commercialization activities throughout the commonwealth. The center shares its

location with the Pittsburgh Technology Council, Catalyst Connection and the

Doyle Center for Manufacturing Technology in the Pittsburgh Technology Center.



Brown will serve as the center's executive director, overseeing the center's

efforts to establish Pennsylvania as the first-to-market leader in products and

technologies that involve nanomaterials.  This effort will involve programs for

attracting matching funding from the National Nanotechnology Initiative (NNI)

and its participating agencies. The majority of this funding will serve to

advance the development of commercially promising research opportunities within

the state's businesses and its academic research institutions.



Initial funding for the center totals $1.6 million and includes a $1 million

defense appropriation to the Air Force Research Laboratory that was secured by

Congressman Mike Doyle. In addition, $200,000 was contributed from the

Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development through the Ben

Franklin Technology Development Authority; $200,000 from the Heinz Endowments;

$100,000 from the Pittsburgh Technology Council and a total of $100,000 from

four initial corporate participants. The organizing companies include Alcoa,

BayerMaterial Science, PPG Industries and U.S. Steel.



Aside from the four initial corporate participants, research institutions

include Carnegie Mellon University, The Pennsylvania State University and the

University of Pittsburgh.



Through the center, these companies and institutions are working together to

develop a coordinated strategy that can provide leverage to increase federal

investments in nanotechnology. Among the objectives is to foster strong working

relationships with the 18 federal agencies that participate in the NNI,

educating NNI organizations about southwestern Pennsylvania's capabilities in

nanomaterials commercialization, while educating regional firms and universities

about federal funding opportunities.



"I believe that Pennsylvania's economic future depends greatly upon its ability

to play a leading role in nanotechnology research and development," Congressman

Doyle said today. "I've been able to secure important federal support for the

Pennsylvania NanoMaterials Commercialization Center, and now we're counting on

Alan to make the center a success."



"We look forward to working with Alan to finalize the center's operating

structure and to refine our technology road map for positioning Pennsylvania as

the leading hub for nanomaterials research and commercialization," said Steven

G. Zylstra, president and chief executive officer of the center.



Brown joins the center from CAMP Inc. (formerly the Cleveland Advanced

Manufacturing Program), an economic development organization dedicated to

investment in emerging technologies in Ohio. He was vice president and chief

technology officer at CAMP, where he assisted companies and entrepreneurs in

adopting and supporting advanced technologies, including nanotechnology.



Brown's former organization was funded under a State of Ohio Edison Technology

Program.  Prior to this he served as CAMP's director of the Manufacturing

Extension Partnership center for eight years, and during the last two years he

specialized in nanomaterials commercialization.



Before that, he was senior program manager, a consultant, and new product

introduction manager with Digital Equipment Corp. Previously, he was director of

engineering at Unitrode Corp. in Worcester, Massachusetts; vice president of

engineering at National Micronetics; senior project manager at Andersen Labs

Inc., and he was a research and development scientist at RCA Canada.



Brown received his Ph.D., in physics from the University of Toronto; he earned

his masters degree in business from Clark University in Worcester, Massachusetts

and his bachelor's degree in physics and mathematics from the University of

Waterloo in Canada.



The Pittsburgh Technology Council is among the first and is the largest regional

technology trade association in the United States with nearly 1,400 member

companies within its geographic territory of 13 counties in southwestern

Pennsylvania. Its mission is to contribute to the success of the region's

technology businesses, and it focuses on developing the economic strength of

three industry clusters: advanced manufacturing, life science and information

technology.



Catalyst Connection, an affiliate organization of the Pittsburgh Technology

Council, operates under contract with the Manufacturing Extension Partnership of

the National Institute of Standards and Technology (U.S. Commerce Department),

as well as the Pennsylvania Industrial Resource Centers.



The organization's mission is to advance the performance of the 13-county

region's small- and medium-sized manufacturing and technology companies.



The Doyle Center for Manufacturing Technology provides small manufacturing

enterprises with state-of-the-art technology tools, training and best practices

to improve the value, quality and responsiveness necessary in becoming vital

contributors in the supply chains of the U.S. defense industry.



For more information on the Pennsylvania NanoMaterials Commercialization Center,

visit:   http://www.pananocenter.org/ .



First Call Analyst:

FCMN Contact:



CONTACT:  Kevin Lane of Pittsburgh Technology Council, +1-412-687-0200,

extension 247, or  klane@pghtech.org



Web site:   http://www.pananocenter.org/

 http://www.pghtech.org/



SOURCE Pittsburgh Technology Council



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





