aa,PR Newswire,20120124,8:47,331817
                              136 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      January 24, 2012 Tuesday 8:47 AM EST



CO2 Solutions to make presentation on carbon capture program at Phoenix EUEC

conference



LENGTH: 521 words



DATELINE: QUEBEC CITY, Jan. 24, 2012





CO2 Solutions to make separate presentation to The Quebec Pipeline Association



TSXV: CST Outstanding shares: 79,187,836



QUEBEC CITY, Jan. 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ - CO2 Solutions Inc. (TSXV: CST)

announced today that the company will make a presentation on developments

related to its carbon capture technology program to efficiently reduce carbon

pollution from large industrial sources of these emissions.  The presentation is

entitled: ENZYME-ENABLED CO2 CAPTURE: LOWERING THE CCS COST BARRIER.



The presentation is being made at the 15th annual Energy, Utility and

Environment Conference (EUEC) to be held in Phoenix, Arizona on January 31,

2012.  The EUCU is North America's largest professional networking and

educational event of its kind, devoted to clean tech strategies for the

environment and energy security. Presenting for CO2 Solutions will be Jonathan

Carley, Vice-President, Business Development.  Further information can be found

at http://www.euec.com/index.aspx.



On January 26, 2012, Glenn R. Kelly, CO2 Solutions' President and Chief

Executive Officer will be presenting to delegates of the Quebec Pipeline

Association in Montreal on The need for effective technologies to combat climate

change and CO2 Solutions' technology, including details of the project with

Alcoa to transform CO2 emissions into products with commercial value. Further

information can be found at http://www.associationpipeline.ca/



Webcasts for these two presentations are not being provided by the conference

sponsors; however, copies of the presentations will be posted on CO2 Solutions'

website following the presentation dates.



About CO2 Solutions Inc. CO2 Solutions is an innovator in the field of

enzyme-enabled carbon capture and has been actively working to develop and

commercialize the technology for power plants and other large stationary sources

of carbon pollution.  In the process, CO2 Solutions has built an extensive

patent portfolio covering the use of carbonic anhydrase, or analogues thereof,

for the efficient post combustion capture of carbon dioxide with low energy

aqueous solvents.  Further information about CO2 Solutions can be found at

www.co2solutions.com.



CO2 Solutions Forward-looking Statements Certain statements in this news release

may be forward-looking. These statements relate to future events or CO2

Solutions' future economic performance and reflect the current assumptions and

expectations of management. Certain unknown factors may affect the events,

economic performance and results of operations described herein. CO2 Solutions

undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,

whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as

may be required under applicable law.



Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that

term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts

responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.



SOURCE CO2 SOLUTIONS INC.







CONTACT:Investor Relations and Media Contact:CO2 Solutions: Thom Skinner

418-842-3456, ext. 223 thom.skinner@co2solutions.com www.co2solutions.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





