aa,PR Newswire,20100604,24:06,331988
                              307 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        June 4, 2010 Friday 12:06 PM EST



Luminant Defeats Alcoa in $500 Million Jury Trial



LENGTH: 451 words



DATELINE: DALLAS, June 4





DALLAS, June 4 /PRNewswire/ -- Susman Godfrey lawyers led a trial team that

cleared Luminant of charges that the company breached a major power supply

contract with Alcoa and acted in bad faith.



Alcoa claimed that Luminant violated the contract by mismanaging a pollution

control project at Luminant's Sandow Unit Four power plant in Milam County,

Texas. The power contract between Luminant and Alcoa entitled Alcoa to 398

megawatts of firm power and obligated Alcoa to pay 83 percent of the cost of

state-of-the-art selective catalytic reduction (SCR) equipment, which

substantially reduces emissions of nitrogen oxides. The SCR cost $277 million.



Alcoa also alleged that Luminant caused outages of Sandow Unit Four during the

spring and summer of 2008 in bad faith. Alcoa asserted that Luminant's conduct

required Alcoa to pay a higher contract price for power and caused the closure

of Alcoa's aluminum smelter near Rockdale, Texas, in September 2008.



Alcoa sought more than $500 million in damages.



On June 2, a Milam County jury cleared Luminant of Alcoa's charges. The jury

rejected Alcoa's SCR and outage claims and found that Alcoa breached its

obligation to pay its share of the cost of installing the SCR. The jury

confirmed Alcoa's duty to pay its share of the SCR by awarding Luminant $10

million that Alcoa currently owes.



Barry Barnett, a partner in Susman Godfrey's Dallas office, served as lead trial

counsel for Luminant. Dallas partner Jonathan Bridges and associate Joseph

Portera also played key roles in the jury trial, as did Stacey Dore, Associate

General Counsel of Luminant parent Energy Future Holdings (fka as TXU Corp.),

and Marshall Searcy, partner in the Fort Worth office of Kelly, Hart & Hallman.



"We are grateful to the hard-working people of Luminant for their confidence and

to the jurors for their dedication," Mr. Barnett said. "The verdict is a

testament to the integrity of our civil justice system and to the importance of

keeping promises. It has been an honor to represent Luminant."



"Barry Barnett was magnificent in trying this case," said Rob Walters, EVP and

General Counsel of Energy Future Holdings. "We couldn't ask for more able trial

counsel than we received from Susman Godfrey and Kelly Hart & Hallman."



Added Luminant CEO David Campbell, "we are a company that cares deeply about our

reputation and are dedicated to honoring our responsibilities and commitments. I

am delighted the jury agreed with us, and we sincerely thank the team from

Luminant and EFH and our trial lawyers at Susman Godfrey and Kelly Hart &

Hallman."



www.susmangodfrey.com



SOURCE Susman Godfrey L.L.P.







CONTACT:Barry Barnett of Susman Godfrey L.L.P., +1-214-754-1903,

bbarnett@susmangodfrey.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





