aa,PR Newswire,20080729,10:35,332168
                              487 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       July 29, 2008 Tuesday 2:35 PM GMT



New Automotive News Green Car Conference to Further Discussion Among Key Auto

Execs



LENGTH: 569 words



DATELINE: DETROIT July 29





DETROIT, July 29 /PRNewswire/ -- Automotive News is furthering the Green Car

Revolution discourse by hosting a one-day conference featuring key automotive

executives discussing the challenges, opportunities and trade-offs of reducing

the carbon footprints of their vehicles.



The Automotive News Green Car Conference/Exhibition is slated for 8 a.m. - 9

p.m. Thursday, November 13 at the Rock Financial Showplace in Novi, MI.

Throughout the day, industry leaders will debate alternate fuel options, discuss

the role of design in contributing to more efficient vehicles, look at

powertrains of the future and examine a variety of innovations that could

improve fuel economy.



The event, sponsored by Ernst & Young, will also feature a product showcase of

green vehicles, parts and technology, as well as the presentation of the first

Automotive News PACE Environmental Awards.



An afternoon debate, Ethanol: Who Will Win?, will offer attendees a spirited

deliberation. Other industry leaders scheduled to participate in the conference

are:



Individual speakers:



-- Michael M. Brylawski, Vice President, Vehicle Efficiency Practice, Rocky

Mountain Institute, Inc.



-- Lou Rhodes, Vice President - Advance Vehicle Engineering and President -

ENVI, Chrysler LLC



  -- Carlos Tavares, Executive Vice President, Nissan Motor Company Ltd.





  Panel Presentations:







Powertrains of the Future will explore proven and drawing-board engines,

transmissions, and other parts of the drivetrain that can convey people from

Point A to Point B with minimal impact on Planet Earth.



-- Jaycie Chitwood, Senior Strategic Planner, Advanced Technologies, Toyota

Motor Sales, USA



-- Sue Cischke, Senior Vice President Sustainability, Environment and Safety,

Engineering, Ford Motor Company



-- Timothy M. Manganello, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, BorgWarner Inc.



-- Dr. Patrick Oliva, Corporate Vice President, Group Projects & Secretary

General of the Group Executive Council, Michelin



-- David Vieau, President and CEO, A123 Systems



The Rest of the Car will delve into vehicle size and mass efficiency, the use of

low-rolling-resistance tires, the development of new lightweight materials and

ways to reduce the energy demands that are unrelated to moving the vehicle.



-- Michael F. Ableson, Executive Director, Global Advanced Vehicle

Development,General Motors



-- Jason Forcier, Regional President, Automotive Electronics, Robert Bosch LLC



-- Jim Hay, Vice President, Sales and Marketing, DuPont Engineering Polymers

America



-- Dr. Rick Winter, Director, Development Laboratories, Alcoa



Full-day registration is $795 (including lunch, cocktail reception and dinner).

Reception and dinner-only registration is $195. To register, or for additional

conference information, visit http://www.autonews.com/green . Questions can also

be addressed via e-mail at green@autonews.com or phone at 313-446-0420.



Joining host sponsor Ernst & Young as Automotive News Green Car Conference

sponsors are: The Aluminum Association, Inc.; Bosch; Bridgestone; Delphi;

Firestone; i2; Indiana Office of Energy & Defense Development; International

Automotive Components; Michelin; Michigan Economic Development Corporation;

Tenneco; Wallenius Wilhelmsen Logistics, Yazaki and ZF.



CONTACT: Pat Adanti-Joy, +1-586-939-3429, pat.joy@comcast.net ; Ellen

Dennehy, +1-313-446-6039, edennehy@crain.com , both for Automotive News



Web site: http://www.autonews.com/green



SOURCE Automotive News



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





