aa,PR Newswire US,20060217,10:35,332394
                              713 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      February 17, 2006 Friday 3:35 PM GMT



Concerns Raised About Gerdau Ameristeel's Toxic Emissions



LENGTH: 490 words



DATELINE: ALCOA, Tenn. Feb. 17





ALCOA, Tenn., Feb. 17  /PRNewswire/ -- An initial inquiry into an air pollution

permit renewal at the Gerdau Ameristeel plant on 1919 Tennessee Ave., in

Knoxville, shows that it may have technical problems and would allow significant

levels of toxic chemicals to be released to the community's air, possibly in

violation of federal air quality standards.



"Based on the company's Toxic Release Inventory submitted to the Environmental

Protection Agency," said Diane Heminway, United Steelworkers (USW) Environmental

Projects Coordinator, "that plant released over 20 tons of toxic chemicals into

the air in 2003, including nearly two tons of lead. However, according to the

company's own emission reports, they emitted an estimated 4.67 tons of lead in

2003. So which amount is accurate?"



Exposure to lead is known to cause serious health damage, particularly to young

children and the unborn.



"Why is a company located in the middle of a community being permitted to emit

huge quantities of lead?" questioned USW Sub-District Director John Herron.  We

think that the community deserves factual answers.



"More than 70,000 people live within three miles of this plant," Herron said.

"Most of them are considered low-income families, but they have a right to clean

air and not be subject to the potentially devastating health problems that

toxins like lead can create."



In 2005, Gerdau Ameristeel received approval to greatly increase production, but

there is no record of the company adding the pollution controls essential for

protecting the public's health, according to Heminway.



"Logic indicates that an increase in production would result in an increase in

pollution, but the draft permit was issued without the results of stack tests

that measure the actual emissions," noted Heminway.  "Nobody knows with

certainty how much pollution is coming out of those smokestacks every day, so

how can the public comment on the permit without this vital data?"



Air quality in Knoxville is of special concern since Knox County already exceeds

the allowable concentration standards for a number of pollutants regulated by

the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).



A public hearing to discuss the permit renewal is scheduled for March 3, at 10

a.m., in the Auditorium, Knox County Health Department, 140 Dameron Avenue, in

Knoxville. However, requests have been made to reschedule the meeting to March

7, at 7 p.m., so that more people who live and work in the area can attend.



The deadline for written comments is set to end on March 1.  Authorities have

indicated that oral comments will also be accepted in consideration for the

permit renewal.



"We want to be certain that any permit renewal will require that the public

health be protected," Herron concluded.



Contact: John Herron



865-977-1655



First Call Analyst:

FCMN Contact:



CONTACT: John Herron of United Steelworkers, +1-865-977-1655



Web site:   http://www.steelworkers-usw.org/



SOURCE United Steelworkers



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





