aa,PR Newswire,20120709,9:30,331749
                              68 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        July 9, 2012 Monday 9:30 AM EST



Zacks Earnings Preview: Alcoa and JPMorgan



LENGTH: 900 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, July 9, 2012





Zacks.com releases the list of companies likely to issue earnings surprises.

This week's list includes Alcoa (NYSE:AA) and JPMorgan .



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



To see more earnings analysis, visit http://at.zacks.com/?id=3207.



Every day, Zacks.com makes 4 stock picks available, free of charge. To see them,

go to http://at.zacks.com/?id=3567.



Earnings Season Getting Underway



The second quarter earnings season got underway a few weeks back, but the market

typically starts keeping track of the reporting cycle with Alcoa's (NYSE:AA)

results after the close on Monday. It is a bit early to draw conclusions about

this earnings season, but the early signs do not look that good.



A number of the companies that have already reported results (we have

second-quarter results from 26 S&P 500 companies already), and quite a few that

have pre-announced, have been painting a less-than-inspiring earnings picture.

As a result, expectations have been steadily coming down in recent weeks.

Driving these lowered expectations are growth concerns about the global economy

given the ongoing problems in Europe, and the slowdown in China and the other

major emerging markets.



These problems are not new, but many companies cited domestic strength on the

first quarter earnings calls as providing an offset to these global headwinds.

Friday's June jobs miss and the sub-par manufacturing ISM report earlier in the

week show that the domestic economic may not be entirely immune from these

negative global forces.



We will see what the second quarter earnings season has in store for us, but

margins have peaked already and top-line gains become difficult to come by in

the low economic growth environment. A replay of the first quarter earnings

season, which turned out to be better than pre-season expectations, will be the

best-case scenario for the second quarter reporting cycle.



Current expectations are bottom-up earnings growth of less than 1%, which has

come down substantially over the last few weeks. Half of the sixteen Zacks

sectors are expected to have negative year-over-year earnings comparisons, with

Finance as the key growth driver this time around despite the massive trading

loss atJPMorgan (NYSE:JPM).



For a detailed look on aggregate earnings, please read our weekly Earnings

Trends write-up. (2Q Early Signs: Not Looking Too Good)



The economic calendar is on the thin side this week, with hardly any

market-moving reports on the docket. Release of the minutes of the Fed's last

meeting Wednesday afternoon will be of particular interest to the market as that

meeting addressed the question of additional quantitative easing, but ended up

extending Operation Twist instead. The recent run of soft economic reports has

revived the debate all over again and the Minutes will be parsed to handicap the

Fed's future moves.



Sheraz Mian is the Director of Research for Zacks.com.



About the Zacks Rank



Since 1988, the Zacks Rank has proven that "Earnings estimate revisions are the

most powerful force impacting stock prices." Since inception in 1988, #1 Rank

Stocks have generated an average annual return of +28%. During the 2000-2002

bear market, Zacks #1 Rank stocks gained +43.8%, while the S&P 500 tumbled

-37.6%. Also note that the Zacks Rank system has just as many Strong Sell

recommendations (Rank #5) as Strong Buy recommendations (Rank #1). Since 1988,

Zacks Rank #5 stocks have significantly underperformed the S&P 500 (+3% versus

+10%). Thus, the Zacks Rank system allows investors to truly manage portfolio

trading effectively.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter offers continuous coverage of the

industries and the stocks poised to outperform the market. Subscribe to this

free newsletter today by visiting http://at.zacks.com/?id=4988.



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Len Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in stock

market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his many

accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system; the

Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1 margin.

The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market insights

of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit

from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to

be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros

by going to http://at.zacks.com/?id=3568.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/ZacksInvestmentResearch



Zacks Investment Research is under common control with affiliated entities

(including a broker-dealer and an investment adviser), which may engage in

transactions involving the foregoing securities for the clients of such

affiliates.



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Contact: Sheraz MianCompany: Zacks.comPhone: 312-265-9211 Email:

pr@zacks.comVisit: www.Zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





