
                              808 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                           September 10, 2004 Friday



Almatis Names D. Oscar Groomes CEO



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 429 words



DATELINE: FRANKFURT, Germany September 10





Almatis today announced the appointment of D. Oscar Groomes as the company's

chief executive officer. Almatis is the global leader in alumina products with

operations in Asia, Europe and North America.



Herve de Carmoy, Chairman of the Board of Almatis, states "We are very fortunate

to have attracted Oscar Groomes as Chief Executive. His technical experience and

his vision will make a major contribution to the already rapid growth and

profitability of Almatis."



Groomes comes to Almatis from the GE Corporation where he was executive vice

president of strategic projects and programs. Trained as a metallurgical

engineer, physicist and materials scientist, he joined GE in 1984 in the

chemical metallurgical management program, and worked in ever-more challenging

and responsible roles during his 20 years with that company. In 2002, Groomes

was named president and chief executive officer of GE Rail Services in Chicago,

Illinois, where he led a $1 billion rail car leasing business. Prior to that

post, Groomes served as the president of GE Specialty Materials where he was

responsible for the $200 million plastics additives business in Europe, Asia and

America.



A native of New York, New York, Groomes graduated magna cum laude with a

bachelor's degree in physics from Tougaloo College. He also holds a bachelor's

degree in materials science engineering from Brown University and a master's

degree in metallurgical engineering and materials science from Carnegie-Mellon

University.



He is a board member of the American Lung Association, IMPACT Seminars, and the

Road and Rail Services.He holds membership in the Society of Plastics Engineers

and the National Society of Black Engineers. He is publisher of O's Place, a

quarterly jazz newsletter.



About Almatis



Almatis is the global leader in full-line, high performance specialty alumina

products. With about 800 employees in six countries, the company's products are

used in a wide variety of industries, including steel production, cement

productions, petrochemicals, non-ferrous metal production, plastics, paper,

ceramics, carpet manufacturing and electronic industries. Formerly known as

Alcoa World Chemicals, Almatis was acquired earlier this year by Rhone Capital

as a majority shareholder and Ontario Teacher's Merchant Bank.



For more information please contact:



Almatis GmbH



Andreas Putz



Telephone: +49-(0)-69-95-73-41-28



E-Mail: andreas.puetz@almatis.com



SOURCE Almatis GmbH



CONTACT: For more information please contact: Almatis GmbH, Andreas Putz,

Telephone: +49-(0)-69-95-73-41-28, E-Mail: andreas.puetz@almatis.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS EDITOR



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





