aa,U.S. Newswire,20080718,16:22,332171
                              490 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                        July 18, 2008 Friday 4:22 PM EST



State Directs Environmental Review Commission to Study Impacts of Granting Alcoa

a 50-Year License for Control of the Yadkin River, Allows All Available Options

To Be Examined



SECTION: POLITICAL EDITORS



LENGTH: 1103 words



DATELINE: RALEIGH, N.C.,  July 18





The Commission can also study and suggest conditions to be placed on a license

if Alcoa receives its renewal. These conditions could range from ones protecting

the environment to those impacting the economic well-being of the citizens in

Piedmont North Carolina. Alcoa has made arrangements in other states such as New

York and Washington to provide jobs and clean up environmental contamination.

This study by the Commission could result in similar benefits for North

Carolinians.



The Commission can also look into state tax breaks that Alcoa received on the

promise of maintaining jobs at the Badin Works in Stanly County. Estimates are

that Alcoa received $1 million per year in tax breaks on the electricity it

generated while it was in the process of shutting down the Badin Works plant and

eliminating all the jobs it vowed to maintain.



The study provides an opportunity for the State of North Carolina to weigh in

before it gives away one of its most precious resources -- water -- to a

multinational company that has shown no discernable benefit to the people of

North Carolina.



The Environmental Review Commission will consider and develop proposals

regarding all of the following issues:



1) Analysis of the socioeconomic impacts of Alcoa's decision to discontinue its

job-producing manufacturing activities at its Badin facility that relied on the

use of low-cost Yadkin River hydroelectric power. In 1958 Alcoa received a

50-year license from the federal government on the basis that it could create

and maintain almost 1,000 jobs at its smelting operations at the Badin Works,

but now all of those jobs have disappeared as Alcoa has discontinued smelting at

Badin.



2) Assurance of an adequate, clean future water supply for the region. A study

conducted this year by John H. Rodgers, Jr., Ph.D., a renowned water quality

expert with Clemson University in South Carolina, found that the available data

clearly indicate that Badin Lake, a 5,300-acre reservoir that empties into the

Yadkin River through the Narrows Dam, and the area downstream have significant

human, health and ecological problems that are and will continue to be affected

by Alcoa's dam operations. The DENR is considering the report as part of its

review of Alcoa's water quality certificate application.



3) The allocation of water for non-power uses from the Yadkin Hydroelectric

Project. This includes such activities as water used for drinking and

recreational purposes.



The Environmental Review Commission's composition is bipartisan and includes

members from every region of the state. The Commission meets regularly between

legislative sessions to study environmental issues and develop proposals for the

General Assembly to consider. By directing the Commission to study the impacts

of the Yadkin Hydroelectric Project, the General Assembly has sent a clear

message that control of the public waters is an issue of paramount importance to

the citizens of North Carolina.



The study by the Environmental Review Commission will not prevent the Governor

or any state agency or department from taking any action necessary to protect

the interest of the state in the current relicensing procedure. The bill

establishing the commission received unanimous votes on July 15 in the House

Judiciary Committee by 15-0, on July 16 in the state House by 114-0 and on July

17 in the state Senate by 46-0.



The N.C. Water Rights Committee is a group of concerned citizens, business

leaders, government officials and others who have joined together to make sure

that the citizens of North Carolina are properly informed about the critical

issue of the public's water rights. They were among several groups who requested

the state legislature to establish the commission due to concerns about several

aspects of the Yadkin Hydroelectric Project previously mentioned. The committee

also commissioned a recent poll that found that by at least a 2-to-1 margin,

voters in every region of North Carolina say the state should take time to study

the renewal of Alcoa's license because this issue will affect North Carolina's

economy, the environment, and access to water for the next 50 years.





    Related Links:

    www.ncwaterrights.org

    www.mmimarketing.com







Quotes:



"The focus of this study will be who should control the water," said Sen.

Fletcher L. Hartsell, Jr. (R-Cabarrus). "The well-being of the people of North

Carolina must be our paramount concern as we examine the impact of potentially

granting a 50 year license. All of the state's options will be on the table."



"Much of the Yadkin River basin in North Carolina has suffered devastating job

losses over the past 10 years, including the loss of nearly 1,000 high-paying

jobs with the closure of Alcoa's aluminum smelter at Badin," said Rep. Kenneth

R. Furr (R-Stanly). "The Yadkin River is an economic engine that should once

again be harnessed to bring prosperity to the region."



"By studying this issue, North Carolina can make wise and prudent

recommendations to FERC about the relicensing of the Yadkin Project hydropower

dams," said Sen. William R. Purcell (D-Scotland).



"Our sole intention in suggesting the study was to make sure that North Carolina

was not giving away a precious resource for 50 years," said Senate Majority

Leader Tony Rand (D-Cumberland). "Water and its use are vital to our entire

state. We are pleased that the interests of our citizens can be protected

through this study."



"On behalf of the N.C. Water Rights Committee, I sincerely thank all the members

of the General Assembly who voted unanimously in favor of establishing this

commission, as well as the support we have received from Gov. Mike Easley and

Lt. Gov. Beverly Perdue on this matter," said Lindsey Dunevant, Stanly County

Commissioner and North Carolina Water Rights Committee member. "We recognize

that the Yadkin Hydroelectric Project has statewide implications for control the

waters of our state, its economic viability and what is best for the

environment."



About N.C. Water Rights Committee:



The N.C. Water Rights Committee is a coalition of North Carolina businesses and

concerned citizens who have joined this statewide effort to inform citizens of

the critical issues and decisions concerning water rights that affect all North

Carolinians now and for many decades to come. For more information, visit

www.ncwaterrights.org.





    Patty Briguglio

    MMI Associates, Inc.

    (919) 233-6600

    patty@mmimarketing.com

    PR Firms Raleigh, NC







SOURCE N.C. Water Rights Committee







Contact: Patty Briguglio of MMI Associates, Inc., +1-919-233-6600,

patty@mmimarketing.com, for The N.C. Water Rights Committee



LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





