aa,PR Newswire,20121101,10:46,331697
                              16 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     November 1, 2012 Thursday 10:46 AM EST



Sanford C. Bernstein Boosts Asia Research Team with Three New Analyst Launches;



Latest Launches Bring More Depth to the Region



LENGTH: 622 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK, Nov. 1, 2012





Sanford C. Bernstein continues to boost its research team in Asia with the

recent launch of three additional analysts. Today's launch by Kenneth Tsang, who

covers the Asia Property sector, increases the total number of Bernstein

analysts covering Asian equities in the region.



Over the last few months, newly launched analysts Vanessa Lau, an industry

expert in the Asia Metals and Mining sector, and Kevin Kwek, who covers South

East Asian banks, added to the growth of our Asia investment research firm.



Sanford C. Bernstein is known for hiring industry experts to bring in-depth

fundamental research to its clients.  Prior to joining Bernstein, Kenneth Tsang

was Head of Research and Strategy for Asia Pacific at LaSalle Investment

Management.



Kevin Kwek joined Bernstein from Standard Chartered Bank in Singapore where his

most recent role was the Regional Head of Strategy for Singapore and Southeast

Asia.



Vanessa Lau previously worked at Alcoa Inc, one of the world's largest aluminum

producers, as the Chief Financial Officer for the Global Rolled Products group,

responsible for finance, strategy and M&A.



"We are delighted about the expansion of our Asia-based team," said Ghislain de

Charentenay, Asia's Director of Research at Sanford C. Bernstein. "The Asia

Pacific region is extremely important to us globally and to our clients. We

remain committed to maintaining our high quality brand of deep-dive research and

offering our clients the best research in the industry."



Sanford C. Bernstein's research is highly regarded in the financial services

sector. Many investors have come to depend on our high-caliber research and

hard-hitting, in-depth, independent analysis. Sanford C. Bernstein's Research

Analysts are acknowledged thought leaders and typically have years of experience

in the industries they cover. The company will announce additional launches in

the months ahead to add to our extensive global community of Research Analysts.



About Sanford C. Bernstein



Sanford C. Bernstein is an investment research firm and equities broker that was

founded in the United States in 1967 and in the UK in 1999. The firm is widely

recognized as Wall Street's premier sell-side research firm. Its research is

sought out by leading investment managers around the world, and the firm is

annually ranked at the top of its industry. In independent surveys of major

institutional clients, Bernstein's research is ranked #1 for overall quality,

industry knowledge, most trusted, best detailed financial analysis, major

company studies, most useful valuation frameworks and best original research. In

Institutional Investor's latest annual client survey, the leading survey by

which analysts in this industry are evaluated, all of the firm's US analysts

were recognized as among the best in their respective fields.  The firm began

operations in Hong Kong in 2010, covering a range of sectors across Asia.



About AllianceBernstein



AllianceBernstein is a leading global investment management firm that offers

high-quality research and diversified investment services to institutional

investors, individuals and private clients in major world markets.



At September 30, 2012, AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. (NYSE: AB) owned

approximately 37.9% of the issued and outstanding AllianceBernstein Units and

AXA, one of the largest global financial services organizations, owned an

approximate 64.2% economic interest in AllianceBernstein.



Additional information about AllianceBernstein may be found on our internet site

http://www.alliancebernstein.com .



SOURCE AllianceBernstein







CONTACT: Janine Canham, Asia Media, 852 2918 5739, janine.canham@bernstein.com

or Jonathan Freedman, U.S. Media, +1-212-823-2687,

Jonathan.Freedman@alliancebernstein.com



LOAD-DATE: November 02, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





