aa,PR Newswire,20081118,13:45,332141
                              460 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     November 18, 2008 Tuesday 6:45 PM GMT



Corporate, Environmental Leaders Make Economic Case for Climate Protection

Legislation;

USCAP Leaders Push for Market-Based Cap-and-Trade Plan to Spur Economy



LENGTH: 1052 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON Nov. 18





WASHINGTON, Nov. 18 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- A coalition of leading

corporations and environmental organizations today called on Congress and the

incoming Obama Administration to pass meaningful climate protection legislation

next year despite the difficult economic conditions, pointing to the economic

benefits and job creation that will result from taking such action.



Representatives for the U.S. Climate Action Partnership, a coalition of 26

corporations and 6 non-profit environmental and conservation organizations, held

a press conference in Washington today to make the economic case for

cap-and-trade legislation.



The group said that cap-and-trade legislation is urgently needed to prevent the

serious impacts of climate change. While the magnitude of needed reductions are

not free of costs, legislation is necessary to spur innovation in green

technologies that will create jobs, increase economic activity and provide the

foundation for a vibrant, low-carbon economy.



"Investment in new technologies and the infrastructure needed for a low-carbon

economy are effective ways to generate the jobs and economic growth the U.S.

needs to address the current economic crisis," said James Rogers, CEO of Duke

Energy. "We must position the U.S. to succeed in the new low-carbon, global

economy and this is the best way to accomplish that."



USCAP includes the following corporations and environmental NGOs: Alcoa, AIG,

Boston Scientific, BP America, Caterpillar, ConocoPhillips, Chrysler, John

Deere, Dow, Duke Energy, DuPont, Environmental Defense Fund, Exelon, Ford, FPL

Group, GE, GM, Johnson & Johnson, Marsh, National Wildlife Federation, Natural

Resources Defense Council, NRG Energy, The Nature Conservancy, PepsiCo, Pew

Center on Global Climate Change, PG&E, PNM Resources, Rio Tinto, Shell, Siemens,

World Resources Institute, and Xerox.



USCAP has taken a leadership role in support of climate protection legislation,

calling for reductions in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2050 that are 60

percent to 80 percent below today's levels. Its initial report on addressing

climate change -- "A Call for Action" -- was issued in January 2007 and noted

that each year of delay in controlling emissions increases the risk of

consequences that could necessitate even steeper reductions in the future at

potentially greater economic cost and social disruption.



"The economic opportunity embedded within the shift away from fossil fuels is

historic," said David Crane, CEO of NRG Energy. "For example, think of the

enormous fortunes made by those who were on the right side of the shift from the

horse to the internal combustion engine. The right climate solution, a moderate

price on carbon, can help create real economic opportunities."



Environmental Defense Fund President Fred Krupp cited a recent University of

Maryland study showing that unchecked climate change will strain public budgets

and cut growth across all sectors of the economy. In contrast, a cap-and-trade

program designed to cut carbon emissions could provide an economic stimulus, he

said.



"A cap can instantly create new customers and new jobs for U.S. manufacturers in

the supply chain for clean energy. Think of wind turbines and all of the cement

and steel that go into them," said Krupp, who spoke at the press conference.

"It's the energy and economic revitalization policy America needs now."



Another report from the University of California at Berkeley that analyzed

historical data found that California's energy efficiency policies created 1.5

million additional full-time jobs from 1977 to 2007 with a total payroll of over

$45 billion.



"Companies that address climate change typically focus initially on energy

efficiency, which reduces costs and helps the bottom line," said Eileen

Claussen, President of the Pew Center on Global Climate Change. "Companies that

develop innovative low-carbon products are increasingly being rewarded in the

marketplace. GE, for example, announced recently that revenues from its

Ecomagination line of environmentally advantageous products will jump 21 percent

in 2008."



One of the main barriers to realizing economic benefits from reducing carbon

emissions has been the uncertainty surrounding how this will be accomplished,

said Jeff Sterba, CEO of PNM Resources.



"Americans want clean energy, and we can produce it if there is a federal

roadmap on carbon emissions. Only comprehensive greenhouse gas legislation --

one that recognizes the link between energy, the environment, the economy and

security -- can bring us the clean, affordable and secure energy future we so

desperately need," said Sterba.



The cost of inaction is also a significant concern, the group noted. The longer

the U.S. waits to implement a cap-and-trade program, the more ground it will

cede to other economies that are already working on these new green

technologies.



"Economic growth depends on both energy resources and a hospitable climate,"

said Frances Beinecke, President of the Natural Resources Defense Council.

"Economic, energy, and climate security are entirely interdependent.

President-Elect Obama and the next Congress can address all three crises with

one integrated program that will invest in clean energy, create jobs, and limit

global warming -- all to give us back a sustainable planet where we can thrive."



"The time for America to act is now," said Larry Schweiger, President and CEO of

the National Wildlife Federation. "With our economy in crisis and our planet in

peril, the fate of our economy and environment hinge on how aggressively we move

to repower America with clean energy solutions. We must cap carbon and create

the kinds of incentives our industries need to re-tool and stay competitive in

the global race for energy security."



United States Climate Action Partnership (USCAP) is a group of businesses and

leading environmental organizations that have come together to call on the

federal government to quickly enact strong national legislation to require

significant reductions of greenhouse gas emissions. USCAP has issued a landmark

set of principles and recommendations to underscore the urgent need for a policy

framework on climate change.



CONTACT: Michael Fleischer for U.S. Climate Action Partnership,

+1-202-667-0901, michael.fleischer@widmeyer.com



SOURCE U.S. Climate Action Partnership



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





