aa,PR Newswire,20110803,9:00,331872
                              191 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      August 3, 2011 Wednesday 9:00 AM EST



Sigma Labs Receives Contract From Alcoa for Advanced Manufacturing Process

Development



LENGTH: 560 words



DATELINE: SANTA FE, N.M., Aug. 3, 2011





Sigma Labs, Inc. (OTCBB: SGLB.OB). Sigma Labs, Inc. announced today that it

received a contract from Alcoa, Inc. (NYSE: AA) to demonstrate the feasibility

of applying Sigma Labs' In-Process Quality Assurance (IPQA) technology to the

welding of advanced aluminum structures. Sigma Labs expects this exploratory

contract to generate up to $36,859 in revenues.



Vivek Dave, Executive Vice President of Sigma Labs, states, "Alcoa demands very

high quality control requirements for materials joining. As such, they require

advanced quality assurance technology like IPQA to make acceptable parts

initially, and continuously, thereby avoiding costly inspection of joints. Sigma

Labs was engaged by Alcoa because of our world-wide expertise in process

monitoring." Mark Cola, President of Sigma Labs, states: "The IPQA preliminary

trials with Alcoa showed that the technology performed remarkably well. The

trials found subtle defects intentionally introduced into welds. Based on these

results, Alcoa is considering further evaluation of IPQA's capabilities with

other welding processes."



About Sigma Labs, Inc.



Sigma Labs, Inc. comprises leading scientists and engineers from Los Alamos

National Laboratory with over 75 years of combined industrial R&D experience and

has become a developer of manufacturing and materials technologies and an

important R&D provider to first-tier integrators, including Boeing, Honeywell,

and Pratt & Whitney, as well as to commercial firms within the United States and

internationally. Sigma Labs currently has contracts with both the federal

Government and private industry to develop technologies from their conception

through the design, building, and testing of prototype systems. Sigma Labs is

aggressively designing and developing innovative sensing, software products,

materials technologies and other unique manufacturing quality assurance

solutions for the federal Government and our commercial clients. Visit Sigma

Labs at www.sigmalabsinc.com.



Forward-Looking Statements



This news release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Management's

current views about future events and financial performance. Forward-looking

statements often contain words such as "expects," "anticipates," "intends,"

"believes" or "will." Our forward-looking statements are subject to a number of

risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results and events to differ

materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Risks and

uncertainties that could adversely affect us include, without limitation, the

loss of major customers, our failure to obtain new contracts, our inability to

patent products or processes, our infringement of patents held by others, our

inability to finance our business and the other risks and uncertainties that are

discussed in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange

Commission, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our Report

on Form 8-K that was filed in connection with the transaction we recently

completed with B6 Sigma.. The forward-looking statements in this news release

are made only as of the date of this news release. We undertake no obligation to

update our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,

future events or otherwise.



SOURCE Sigma Labs, Inc.







CONTACT:Mark Cola, President of Sigma Labs, Inc., +1-505-438-2576



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





