aa,U.S. Newswire,20060721,11:57,332364
                              683 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                       July 21, 2006 Friday 11:57 AM EST



GE & Two Subcontractors Pay $11.5 Million to Resolve Allegations of Selling

Defective Aircraft Parts to Defense Department



SECTION: NATIONAL DESK



LENGTH: 379 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON,  July 21





General Electric Co. (GE) and two of its subcontractors have paid the United

States $11.5 million to settle a lawsuit that alleges that GE sold defective

blades for engines in U.S. military airplanes and helicopters, the Justice

Department announced today.



The lawsuit alleged quality-control problems over a period of years involving

the manufacture of several types of engine blades at GE's Aircraft Engines

division facility in Madisonville, Ky. These alleged problems included

nonconformances in casting and in non-destructive testing. Two subcontractors,

Howmet Corp., a subsidiary of Alcoa, and Precision Castparts Corp. manufactured

unfinished castings for the blades, which GE then finished at the Madisonville

facility. Both subcontractors were also named as defendants.



"This case demonstrates the federal government's commitment to ensuring that

contractors meet the highest quality and safety standards when selling aircraft

parts and equipment to the Defense Department," said Stuart Schiffer, Deputy

Assistant Attorney General of the Civil Division of the Department of Justice.

"This lawsuit is an excellent example of cooperation among federal agencies to

help safeguard the lives of our service members and protect public funds."



The lawsuit was filed in the Western District of Kentucky in Owensboro by

several employees of GE's Madisonville facility. The suit was filed under the

False Claims Act, which permits private citizens known as "relators," to sue on

behalf of the government to recover federal funds that were obtained by false or

fraudulent claims. In accordance with the False Claims Act, the relators will be

paid $2,357,500.



The case was investigated by the Defense Criminal Investigative Service, the

U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Command, the U.S. Navy Criminal Investigative

Service, the U.S. Air Force Office of Special Investigation and the U.S.

Department of Transportation, Office of the Inspector General. The Defense

Contract Audit Agency provided audit support. The settlement was negotiated by

the Justice Department's Civil Division and the Office of the U.S. Attorney for

the Western District of Kentucky.



http://www.usnewswire.com/







Contact: U.S. Department of Justice, 202-514-2007 or 202-514-1888 (TDD), Web:

http://www.USDOJ.gov



LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





