aa,PR Newswire US,20050808,16:15,332430
                              749 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       August 8, 2005 Monday 8:15 PM GMT



Scripps Hires Human Resources SVP



LENGTH: 865 words



DATELINE: CINCINNATI Aug. 8





CINCINNATI, Aug. 8  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Jennifer L. Weber, a human

resources professional with expertise in aligning employee development and

compensation programs with organizational strategy, is joining The E. W. Scripps

Company (NYSE:SSP) as senior vice president of human resources, effective Sept.

1.



(Photo:  http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20050808/CLM046  )



Weber comes to Scripps from Towers Perrin, a global professional services firm

with offices in 25 countries. Since 2002, Weber has been managing principal of

the Towers Perrin HR Services office in Cincinnati.



In this newly created senior management position at Scripps, Weber will be

responsible for guiding human resources activities corporate-wide as well as

aligning the department's policies and goals with the company's strategic

business objectives. She will report to Scripps President and CEO Kenneth W.

Lowe.



"Scripps is a dynamic and growing company that relies on the quality of its

employees - and the intellectual capital they represent - to compete in today's

rapidly changing media marketplace," said Lowe. "Jennifer thoroughly understands

the vital role that HR plays in helping a company like Scripps succeed in

today's highly competitive and fast-paced business environment."



Weber, 38, has been a human resources consultant with Towers Perrin since 1994,

starting in the firm's office in Pittsburgh. While there she developed her

expertise in executive compensation issues, including serving as a unit leader

for the firm's executive compensation and rewards practice for the Pittsburgh

market. She was made a partner of the firm in 2001 and a year later was chosen

to lead the company's Cincinnati office.



As managing principal of Towers Perrin in Cincinnati, Weber directly

participated in the design and implementation of rewards strategies and programs

for several large clients, including Scripps, Alcoa Inc., The J. M. Smucker

Company, Convergys Corp. and Fifth Third Bancorp.



Weber has a master's degree from Carnegie Mellon University. She also taught

graduate-level professional speaking at Carnegie Mellon after completing her

degree. Weber graduated cum laude from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio with a

bachelor's degree in communications. She also is a member of Phi Beta Kappa. She

worked as an auditor for the U.S. General Accounting Office for about four years

before joining Towers Perrin.



Weber is on the Leadership Council of CincyTechUSA and was recently chosen to

participate in Leadership Cincinnati. Outside of her work life and community

involvement, Weber enjoys spending time with her husband, Eric, and their three

children.



About Scripps



Scripps is a diverse media concern with interests in national lifestyle

television networks, newspaper publishing, broadcast television, television

retailing, interactive media and licensing and syndication. All of the company's

media businesses provide content and advertising services via the Internet.



Scripps is organized into the following operating divisions.



Scripps Networks, including the company's growing portfolio of popular lifestyle

television networks. Scripps Networks brands include Home & Garden Television,

Food Network, DIY Network, Fine Living, Great American Country (GAC) and

HGTVPro. Scripps Networks Web sites include FoodNetwork.com, HGTV.com,

DIYnetwork.com, fineliving.com and gactv.com. Scripps Networks programming can

be seen in 86 countries.



Scripps Newspapers, including daily and community newspapers in 19 markets and

the Washington-based Scripps Media Center, home to the Scripps Howard News

Service. Scripps newspapers include the Rocky Mountain News in Denver, the

Commercial Appeal in Memphis, the Knoxville (Tenn.) News Sentinel and the

Ventura County (Calif.) Star.



Scripps Television Station Group, including six ABC-affiliated stations, three

NBC affiliates and one independent. Scripps operates broadcast television

stations in Detroit; Cleveland; Cincinnati; Phoenix; Tampa; Baltimore; Kansas

City, Mo.; West Palm Beach, Fla.; Tulsa, Okla.; and Lawrence, Kan.



Shop at Home, the company's television retailing subsidiary, which markets a

growing range of consumer goods directly to television viewers and visitors to

the Shop at Home Web site, shopathometv.com. Shop at Home reaches about 53

million full-time equivalent U.S. households, including 5 million households via

five Scripps-owned Shop at Home affiliated television stations.



Shopzilla, an online comparison shopping service with an index of more than 30

million products from more than 55,000 stores. Shopzilla is powered by ShopRank,

a proprietary algorithm that helps shoppers instantly find virtually any product

for sale on the Web at the best price. Shopzilla also operates the BizRate

consumer feedback network with more than 2.5 million members and about 1 million

reviews per month.



United Media, a leading licensing and syndication company. United Media is the

worldwide licensing and syndication home of Peanuts, Dilbert and about 150 other

features and characters.



CONTACT:  Mark Kroeger of The E. W. Scripps Company, +1-513-977-3827, or

 mwkroeger@scripps.com



Web site:   http://www.scripps.com/



SOURCE The E. W. Scripps Company



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





