aa,PR Newswire US,20070221,16:00,332312
                              631 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                    February 21, 2007 Wednesday 9:00 PM GMT



CSC Signs IT Services Contract With Australia's Water Corporation



LENGTH: 585 words



DATELINE: El SEGUNDO, Calif. Feb. 21





El SEGUNDO, Calif., Feb. 21  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Computer Sciences

Corporation (NYSE:CSC) announced today that it has signed an information

technology (IT) services contract with Water Corporation, one of Australia's

largest water service providers with more than $10AUD billion invested in water

services infrastructure.



The contract, which includes a six-year base period and four one-year options,

is valued at $149 million ($190AUD million) if all options are exercised.



CSC has been working with Water Corporation since 1999.  Under the new

agreement, CSC will be responsible for the ongoing support and maintenance of

Water Corporation's diverse range of existing applications, as well as the

development and implementation of new systems.  CSC also will provide the

company with improved project, program and demand management capabilities, which

will result in faster and lower cost delivery of systems.



A key aspect of CSC's delivery model will be to work closely with select

third-party providers, including CA, NGIS, SKM and SYSTEMIC.



"CSC was selected amongst others as they demonstrated a low-risk option, an

excellent understanding of our operations and the ability to deliver on all the

required services," said Dave Currell, Water Corporation's manager of

Information Services.  "We look forward to our continuing relationship with

CSC."



"The award of this contract is a testimony to the work that CSC has undertaken

on behalf of Water Corporation over the last eight years," said Mike Shove,

managing director of CSC in Australia.  "The win further strengthens CSC's

presence in Western Australia and reaffirms our position as WA's largest

provider of IT services."



With more than 700 employees in Western Australia (WA), CSC serves local

government agency clients such as the Department of the Attorney General, the

Department of Corrective Services, the Department for Infrastructure and

Planning, the Office of Shared Services and the WA Police.  CSC also provides IT

services to commercial enterprises in the region, including Woodside, Alcoa and

BHP Billiton.



About Water Corporation



The Water Corporation serves almost two million Western Australians spread

across 2.5 million square kilometres.  It directly employs more than 2,200

people, and its operations during 2005-06 generated more than $1.4 billion in

revenue.



About CSC



Computer Sciences Corporation is a leading global IT services company. CSC's

mission is to provide customers in industry and government with solutions

crafted to meet their specific challenges and enable them to profit from the

advanced use of technology.



With approximately 77,000 employees, CSC provides innovative solutions for

customers around the world by applying leading technologies and CSC's own

advanced capabilities.  These include systems design and integration; IT and

business process outsourcing; applications software development; Web and

application hosting; and management consulting.  Headquartered in El Segundo,

Calif., CSC reported revenue of $14.7 billion for the 12 months ended Dec. 29,

2006.  For more information, visit the company's Web site at

http://www.csc.com/ .



CONTACT:  Janet Herin, Manager, Media Relations, Corporate,

+1-310-615-1693,  jherin@csc.com , or Sheila Dhillon, Manager, Media Relations,

CSC in Australia, + 61 (0) 2.9034.2041,  sdhillon@csc.com.au , or Bill Lackey,

Director, Investor Relations, Corporate, +1-310-615-1700,  blackey3@csc.com ,

all of CSC



Web site:   http://www.csc.com/



SOURCE Computer Sciences Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





