aa,PR Newswire,20080716,9:55,332172
                              491 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      July 16, 2008 Wednesday 1:55 PM GMT



Alcoa Welcomes Study of Water Issues Along Yadkin River;

N.C. Legislative Committee approves study by Environmental Review Commission



LENGTH: 346 words



DATELINE: RALEIGH, N.C. July 16





RALEIGH, N.C., July 16 /PRNewswire/ -- Alcoa announced that it fully supports a

proposed study of water issues along the Yadkin River by the state's

Environmental Review Commission. The study was approved by a key N.C. House

committee Tuesday.



"We recognize the growing importance of water issues in North Carolina, and

welcome the opportunity to work with the state to protect its water interests

along the Yadkin River," said Gene Ellis, licensing and property manager for

Alcoa Power Generating Inc. (APGI), which operates the Yadkin Hydroelectric

Project along a 38-mile stretch of the Yadkin River.



Ellis said the company was assured that it was not the legislature's intent to

delay the relicensing of the Yadkin Project or pursue a takeover of the project.



Alcoa had opposed previous legislative study proposals that focused on delaying

the company's relicensing effort and exploring a state condemnation of the

Yadkin Project.



For more than five years, Alcoa has worked with the State of North Carolina and

other stakeholders on a plan for the future management of the Yadkin Project.

The effort resulted in a Relicensing Settlement Agreement that was signed by 22

organizations representing a number of diverse, and often conflicting, interests

on the Yadkin watershed. Signatories include the N.C. Department of Environment

and Natural Resources, the town of Badin, and the city of Albemarle, the largest

water user on the Yadkin River and environmental interest groups such as

American Rivers and the Nature Conservancy.



"We believe the relicensing agreement effectively balances many competing

interests along the Yadkin River, while protecting North Carolina's water

interests at the same time," Ellis said. "We believe this study's narrow focus

on water issues will complement the previous relicensing studies that have been

conducted during the past five years."



CONTACT: Gene Ellis of Alcoa Power Generating Inc., +1-704-422-5606,

 gene.ellis@alcoa.com ; or Robert Brown for Alcoa Power Generating Inc.,

+1-919-810-1901, robert@rbpr.com



SOURCE Alcoa Power Generating Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





