aa,PR Newswire,20090401,10:00,332104
                              423 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      April 1, 2009 Wednesday 2:00 PM GMT



Pennsylvania NanoMaterials Commercialization Center Announces New Board Members,

Officers



LENGTH: 1001 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH April 1





PITTSBURGH, April 1 /PRNewswire/ -- The Pennsylvania NanoMaterials

Commercialization Center has announced the election of new officers and

directors to its board. Elected are:



Luis Fanor Vega, Ph.D.



Luis Fanor Vega is division manager for the engineered finishes division at the

Alcoa Technical Center, where he leads development of coatings, surface

treatments, laminates, films and surface technologies to mitigate corrosion and

enhance durability, appearance and functionality of products. He is responsible

for integration of product and process technologies across Alcoa business units

to maintain and grow the competency and identify opportunities of strategic

importance to the corporation.



Fanor Vega will serve the Pennsylvania NanoMaterials Commercialization Center

board for a term of one year as chairman.



Robert J. Kumpf, Ph.D.



Robert Kumpf is vice president of future business at Bayer MaterialScience LLC.

A material scientist with extensive experience in industrial research and

development, Kumpf's responsibilities include evaluation of new technologies and

business opportunities, product development and commercialization. He leads the

24-member future business group at Bayer MaterialScience, which focuses on

innovation-driven polymer products, new complex technologies and next-generation

applications.



Kumpf will serve the Pennsylvania NanoMaterials Commercialization Center board

for a term of one year as past chairman.



Daniel E. Rardon, Ph.D.



Daniel Rardon currently is a senior scientist and manager of nanotechnology

initiatives at PPG Industries. His responsibilities include coordinating PPG's

corporate nanotechnology programs and defining and setting strategic direction

related to this emerging area. His focus also includes looking for collaborative

R&D programs and partners that fit with PPG's strategic direction.



Rardon will serve the Pennsylvania NanoMaterials Commercialization Center board

for a term of one year as vice chairman.



Patrick B. Stewart



Patrick B. Stewart currently is chief executive officer of Sewickley-based

Pepperweed Consulting, having previously served as the firm's executive chairman

of the board. Stewart also served as managing director and president of the

Pittsburgh-based non-profit venture capital and consulting firm, Idea Foundry,

which he founded in 2002. With more than 25 years of Fortune 500 experience in

executive management, business development, operations, information technology,

business process reengineering and product marketing, Stewart has led several

corporate strategic planning initiatives over his career that resulted in the

acquisition and creation of several companies.



Stewart was elected to the Pennsylvania NanoMaterials Commercialization Center

board for a term of three years, ending December 31, 2011, and he also will

serve as the board's secretary and treasurer for one year.



Carlo G. Pantano, Ph.D.



Carlo G. Pantano, Ph.D. is a distinguished professor of materials science and

engineering, and he is director of the Materials Research Institute at The

Pennsylvania State University. He is a fellow of both the American Ceramic

Society (ACerS), and he is a former chair of the ACerS glass and optical

materials division. Pantano also is a former U.S. Council representative for the

International Commission on Glass and he was awarded the 2005 George W. Morey

award for outstanding technical contributions in the field of glass science and

technology.



Pantano was elected to the Pennsylvania NanoMaterials Commercialization Center

board for a term of one year, ending December 31, 2009.



Three other directors will continue to serve their existing terms on the board.

They are Andrew Hannah, Audrey Russo and Christopher Roberts.



Andrew W. Hannah



Andrew W. Hannah is the president and chief executive officer of Plextronics,

Inc., an international printed electronics company focused on the manufacture of

solar cells, high-efficiency lighting and circuitry from ink-based technology.

Headquartered in Pittsburgh, the company is pioneering low-cost, high-volume

printing of organic solar cell and organic light emitting diode technology for

lighting applications.



Audrey Russo



Audrey Russo is the president and chief executive officer of the Pittsburgh

Technology Council. She previously had served as vice president of operations

and chief financial officer for MAYA Design, as well as in several capacities at

Alcoa, where as a senior-level human resources and information technology

strategist, she led successful efforts to deploy and optimize global IT systems

and improve global access to information.



Christopher Roberts



Christopher C.D. Roberts, Sr. is a research project engineer at the United

States Steel Corporation Research and Technology Center in Munhall, PA, where he

works within the finishing processes and coatings section of the product

technology division, which deals primarily with cold rolled, electroplated and

galvanized steel.



"We are extremely gratified to have these individuals serve on our board," said

Alan Brown, Ph.D., executive director of the center. "Each represents the

significant commitment of their respective company or organization to this

initiative which is unprecedented in other regions throughout the U.S. Through

their involvement, we are certain to advance our mission."



The mission of the Pennsylvania NanoMaterials Commercialization Center is to

promote and support the commercialization of nanomaterials research for new and

enhanced products critical to the U.S. economy and manufacturing base. The

center builds upon Pennsylvania's excellence in advanced materials research,

development and manufacturing, and it acts as a new model for a public-private

partnership among government, universities, entrepreneurs, small and large

companies to accelerate the transition from nanomaterials invention and

innovation to new products and new companies.



CONTACT: Kevin Lane, +1-412-848-8345, klane85579@aol.com



Web Site: http://www.pghtech.org/



SOURCE Pittsburgh Technology Council



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





