aa,PR Newswire,20080107,9:31,332242
                              561 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       January 7, 2008 Monday 2:31 PM GMT



Seven Summits Research Releases Comments on AA, APOL, SVU, KBH and PSUN



LENGTH: 475 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO Jan. 7





CHICAGO, Jan. 7 /PRNewswire/ -- Seven Summits Strategic Investments releases its

Stocks To Watch Guide.



The Seven Summits Strategic Investments Stocks To Watch Guide (go to:



http://www.iotogo.com/StocksToWatch ) provides investors with essential

information on stocks that may be poised for a significant move. By featuring

hedged trades, this guide gives investors the tools they need to protect their

portfolios against uncertainty.



The following stocks are featured in the Stocks To Watch Guide: Alcoa

Inc(NYSE:AA), Apollo Group Inc.(NASDAQ:APOL), Supervalu Inc.(NYSE:SVU), KB

Home(NYSE:KBH)and Pacific Sunwear(NASDAQ:PSUN).



"Our Stocks to Watch guides go above and beyond what other investment guides

provide investors. Along with brief concise stock data and analysis, they

provide useful information and tactics on how to ensure your investments are

protected with basic hedging techniques," says James V. Buloumn, Seven Summits

Analyst. "I would give this guide to my family and friends. This guide contains

information that can benefit both the expert and the novice when they are

considering potential portfolio changes."



The Stocks To Watch Guide is available to all investors at



http://www.investorsobserver.com/StocksToWatch . (Note: You may have to copy

this link into your browser then press the [ENTER] key.)



Seven Summits Investment Research is an independent investment research group,

which focuses on the U.S. equities and options markets. Our analytical tools,

screening techniques, rigorous research methods and committed staff provide

solid information to help our clients make the best possible investment

decisions. For more information go to



http://www.sevensummitsinvestmentresearch.com/ . CRD# 137114



Complimentary Options Trading Guide. Learn to better understand the options

trading market with this FREE guide from Options Sense. Options Sense will

explain how Options work and all you need to know about Options Trading.



http://www.iotogo.com/PRUMOT1



All stocks and options shown are examples only -- not recommendations to buy or

sell. Our picks do not represent a positive or negative approach to any

security. Potential returns do not take into account expenses that affect your

actual investment returns such as trade size, brokerage commissions or taxes.

Stocks and options involve risk, thus they are not suitable for all investors.

Prior to buying or selling options, investors should request a copy of

Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options available from Catherine at

800-698-9101 or at



http://www.cboe.com/Resources/Intro.asp . Privacy policy available upon request.



CONTACT: Reid Stratton of Seven Summits Investment Research,

+1-434-293-9100



Web site: http://www.sevensummitsstrategicinvestments.com/

 http://www.iotogo.com/StocksToWatch

 http://www.iotogo.com/PRUMOT1



SOURCE Seven Summits Investment Research



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





