aa,PR Newswire,20111031,15:38,331843
                              162 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      October 31, 2011 Monday 3:38 PM EST



Steven De Cenzo Honored with SAE International Technical Standards Board

Outstanding Contribution Award



LENGTH: 430 words



DATELINE: WARRENDALE, Pa., Oct. 31, 2011





Steven De Cenzo, Arizona resident and staff engineer and lead casting specialist

in the Materials and Process Engineering Group of Honeywell Aerospace, was

honored with the SAE International Technical Standards Board Outstanding

Contribution Award during the SAE AeroTech Congress held in Toulouse, France.



This award, established in 1953, recognizes individuals for outstanding service

in the technical committee activities of the Society. This includes unusual

leadership in the activities of an SAE technical committee, significant

contributions as a representative of the Society to the accomplishments of

technical committees of other organizations or agencies, and outstanding

contributions to SAE technical committee work in the form of research, test

methods and procedures, and/or development of standards.



Prior to joining Honeywell in 2001, De Cenzo and his wife operated Process and

Materials Control Associates throughout the 1990s, specializing in foundry and

heat treat process control. He began his aerospace career and SAE International

participation at the Howmet Corporation (now an Alcoa unit), a premier aerospace

investment casting foundry group, in 1973 and held a variety of positions at its

North American operations including foundry process and quality engineer, chief

metallurgist and raw material management. He is a member of SAE International,

AFS, ASM, NADCA, and AIME.



For SAE International, he served as a supplier and consultant member of the

Aerospace Materials Division Commodity Committees and is now an alternate member

for Honeywell Aerospace. He is a member of the Aerospace Metals and Engineer

Committee (AMEC), the AMEC Surface Enhancement Subcommittee and the Ground

Vehicle Surface Enhancement Committee. De Cenzo graduated from the Metallurgy

program at the Don Bosco Technical Institute in Rosemead, Calif. He received a

bachelor's degree in Materials Science from Michigan State University and an MBA

in Manufacturing Operations from the Wharton School of Business at the

University of Pennsylvania.



SAE International is a global association of more than 128,000 engineers and

related technical experts in the aerospace, automotive and commercial-vehicle

industries. SAE International's core competencies are life-long learning and

voluntary consensus standards development. SAE International's charitable arm is

the SAE Foundation, which supports many programs, including A World In Motion®

and the Collegiate Design Series.



- www.sae.org -



Contact: Shawn Andreassi of SAE International, 1-724-772-8522 or pr@sae.org



SOURCE SAE International



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





