aa,PR Newswire,20091110,16:05,332020
                              339 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     November 10, 2009 Tuesday 4:05 PM EST



Smith & Wesson Expands Executive Team;

Names James Debney as President of Firearms Business



LENGTH: 947 words



DATELINE: SPRINGFIELD, Mass., Nov. 10





SPRINGFIELD, Mass., Nov. 10 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Smith & Wesson Holding

Corporation (Nasdaq: SWHC), parent company of Smith & Wesson Corp., the

legendary 157-year old company in the global business of safety, security,

protection and sport, today announced that it has named James Debney to fill the

role of President, Firearms Business, reporting to Michael Golden, President and

CEO of Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation.



Debney, 42, joins Smith & Wesson with over 15 years of management experience in

multinational consumer and business-to-business environments, including his most

recent position as President of Presto Products Company, a $500 million plastic

products business unit formerly of Alcoa Consumer Products. In his role at Smith

& Wesson, Debney will oversee the company's firearms business.



Smith & Wesson President and CEO, Michael F. Golden, said, "James is the ideal

person to lead our firearms business in ongoing, future growth. He has a track

record of developing and executing sales and marketing strategies that

sustainably grow the top line, while working throughout an organization to

implement efficiencies that deliver profitability. He is also seasoned in

multi-factory, multinational organizations that address both consumer and

business-to-business environments. This makes him especially well-suited to

implement our firearms strategy, which is to expand our reach within both the

professional and consumer markets for firearms."



During his tenure as President of Presto Products, he created and executed long

and short-term sales and marketing and operations strategies that delivered

increases in both revenue and profitability. Debney oversaw all aspects of the

growing business, which is composed of four business units with five

manufacturing facilities in the United States and partnerships in Asia. Prior to

Presto Products, Debney held a series of increasingly responsible operations

management and business leadership roles with Baco Consumer Products, a United

Kingdom business formerly of Alcoa Consumer Products and a $90 million branded

and private label manufacturer of foil, film, storage, food and trash bag

consumer products. He holds a B.Sc. in Chemistry with Honors from the University

of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology, and a Certificate of Business

Administration from the University of Keele, both in the United Kingdom.



Golden concluded, "Both our firearms and our perimeter security businesses are

delivering solid performance and providing a strong framework for our future

growth. I look forward to working with James Debney as he leads our firearms

business and with Matt Gelfand as he leads our perimeter security business, as

we continue to develop Smith & Wesson into a broader-based provider of safety

and security products and services."



About Smith & Wesson



Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation (NASDAQ: SWHC) is a U.S.-based, global

provider of products and services for safety, security, protection and sport.

The company designs and constructs facility perimeter security solutions for

military and commercial applications, and delivers a broad portfolio of firearms

and related training to the military, law enforcement and sports markets. SWHC

companies include Smith & Wesson Corp., the globally recognized manufacturer of

quality firearms; Universal Safety Response, a full-service perimeter security

integrator, barrier manufacturer and installer; and Thompson/Center Arms

Company, Inc., a premier designer and manufacturer of premium hunting firearms.

SWHC facilities are located in Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire and

Tennessee. For more information on Smith & Wesson and its companies, call (800)

331-0852 or log on to www.smith-wesson.com; www.usrgrab.com; or www.tcarms.com.



Safe Harbor Statement



Certain statements contained in this press release may be deemed to be

forward-looking statements under federal securities laws, and the Company

intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe-harbor

created thereby. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding

the size and growth prospects of the firearms and the safety and security

markets, the Company's penetration of those markets, the ongoing and future

growth potential of the Company's firearms business, the ability of the Company

to implement its strategy to expand its reach within the professional and

consumer markets for firearms, the performance of the Company's firearms and

perimeter security businesses and their strong framework for future growth, and

the Company's ability to develop into a broader-based provider of safety and

security products and services. The Company cautions that these statements are

qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ

materially from those reflected by such forward-looking statements. Such factors

include the demand for the Company's products; the state of the U.S. economy;

general economic conditions and resulting spending patterns; the Company's

growth opportunities; the Company's anticipated growth; the ability of the

Company to increase demand for its products in various markets; the success of

the Company's diversification strategy, including the expansion of the Company's

markets; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company's reports

filed with the SEC, including its Form 10-K Report for the fiscal year ended

April 30, 2009.



    Liz Sharp, VP Investor Relations

    Smith & Wesson Holding Corp.

    (413) 747-3304

    lsharp@smith-wesson.com





SOURCE Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation







CONTACT:Liz Sharp, VP Investor Relations of Smith & Wesson Holding Corp.,

+1-413-747-3304, lsharp@smith-wesson.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





