aa,U.S. Newswire,20071022,14:43,332249
                              568 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                      October 22, 2007 Monday 2:43 PM EST



Report: Alcoa's Car Parts Factories Bring Job Conditions in Honduras to New Lows



SECTION: LABOR EDITORS



LENGTH: 610 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK,  Oct. 22





A report released today documents inhumane and illegal conditions in Alcoa's

Honduras factory, which produces harnesses for U.S. cars. While the company

claims to be very ethical and to pay its workers well, and points out that it is

offering "high tech" jobs, workers in the factory are paid less and work in

worse conditions than those at neighboring garment factories. The report, "The

Wal-Martization of Alcoa," was written by the National Labor Committee. The

report finds:





    -- The base wage of 74 cents an hour at Alcoa's plants meets just 37

       percent of a small family's most basic survival needs.  In the last

       three years, real wages have actually fallen by 13 percent at Alcoa.

       Like Wal-Mart employees, Alcoa associates in Honduras have to rely upon

       charity to survive.

    -- Often workers have to urinate, or even defecate, in their clothing

       after repeatedly being denied permission to use the bathroom.  The

       bathrooms are also dirty, lacking lights and toilet paper.  Workers who

       take "too long" may be pulled from the toilet by guards.  There have

       even been cases of women being made to disrobe and lower their

       underpants to prove they were having their period so they could use the

       bathroom more than twice a day.

    -- With as little as ten minutes notice, workers on the night shift can be

       ordered to remain working for another six hours, keeping them at the

       factory from 4:15 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. -- nearly 14 hours.  All overtime

       is obligatory and those who object can be fired.

    -- Under Honduras law, factories are required to provide free

       transportation to their workers, provide daycare and pay for break

       time.  Alcoa refuses.

    -- Alcoa will use slightly veiled death threats, mass illegal firings,

       blacklists and threats to close the plant to block workers daring to

       exercise their legal right to organize.

    -- By early 2007, the Alcoa workers had suffered enough abuse and started

       a clandestine organizing drive.  On June 2, 2007, the workers held

       their constitutional assembly, formed their union and elected their new

       leaders.  Three days later, after receiving veiled death threats, the

       fiery woman union leader who had led the assembly was fired.  On June

       12, all of the newly-elected union leaders were fired and removed from

       the factory by armed guards.  By July nearly 90 percent of the union's

       founding members -- the vast majority of whom had seniority -- had been

       fired.





The fired unionists peacefully occupied the local Ministry of Labor offices for

two days, chaining the gates shut. They held demonstrations blocking the front

of the Free Trade Zone. Their efforts are being supported by labor unions and

activists in the U.S., including the United Steelworkers Union, National Labor

Committee (NLC), and the Hispanic Caucus of the Teamsters.



Charles Kernaghan, Executive Director of the NLC, said "This is a critically

important test case. If Alcoa -- a Fortune 500 company -- can step on Honduran

law and treat the government like a Banana Republic, then the race to the bottom

in the global sweatshop economy will have reached new lows. If Alcoa can so

blatantly ignore the U.S.-Central America Free Trade Agreement and ignore the

treaty's worker rights provisions as just so many words on useless pieces of

paper, then we need to revisit and renegotiate CAFTA, for something is seriously

wrong."



-- Report Available at: http://www.nlcnet.org/article.php?id=447 --



SOURCE National Labor Committee







Contact: Barbara Briggs of the National Labor Committee, +1-412-417- 9384



LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





