aa,PR Newswire,20090603,3:49,332060
                              379 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       June 3, 2009 Wednesday 7:49 AM GMT



Operations Associates LLC Boosts Executive Team with Return of Original Founders



LENGTH: 702 words



DATELINE: GREENVILLE, S.C., June 3





Operations-Oriented Consulting Firm with "INC. 500" Track Record



GREENVILLE, S.C., June 3 /PRNewswire/ -- Operations Associates LLC, a niche

leader in specialized operational and logistics consulting projects for large

industrial, commercial, and government clients, today boosted its leadership and

client services team by re-engaging the firm's original Founders as its new

full-time leaders. Operations Associates has distinguished itself in its 16 year

history by earning the coveted "INC. 500" standing as one of the fastest-growing

companies in America (awarded in year 2000). John Auger and Mike Rigg, both

original officers in the Operations Associates Team when it was founded in 1993,

plus Chris Graver, a key partner in the firm, have become the three Managing

Partners leading a planned resurgence. The consulting firm has also taken on new

institutional shareholders for growth and stability, including Ranger Partners

Group LLC of Greenville SC.



John Auger, CEO of Operations Associates, said: "We are seeing an extraordinary

moment in American business history, with unprecedented new demands for our

types of cost-effective services. Smart and visionary client companies are

already rebuilding, anticipating the inevitable upsurge--we are helping them."

Mike Rigg, a co-founder with Auger, said "Our projects often deliver 10X returns

on our fees. We supplement and complement existing senior staff, get the job

done, and take our reward on measurable results."



Operations Associates develops strategies to improve return on invested capital

for best in class companies including former clients such as BMW, Procter &

Gamble, Lockheed, 3M, BAE Systems (Armor Holdings), Navistar, ASIG (Aircraft

Service Intl Group), TUG Technologies, Titleist, CVS, Alcoa, Delphi, Toyota, the

I.R.S., FEMA, the Dept of Defense, and many more. Since 1993, the company has

performed over 1,100 projects with world-class organizations, and its

consultants average over 20 years of experience. Utilizing its experience and

expertise in supply chain strategy and management; distribution network

analysis; lean manufacturing; and facility design, Operations Associates defines

clients' objectives; develops competitive advantages; and ensures that projects

meet milestones and deadlines within budget. The firm has trained thousands of

clients' employees on LEAN initiatives.



Served industrial and governmental sectors include: General Manufacturers,

Apparel & Textiles, Distributors, Automotive, Foods & Pharmaceuticals, Printing,

Aerospace & Aviation, Chemicals, Dept. of Defense and other major Federal

agencies, Financial Services, Private Equity portfolio companies, Energy,

Consumer Goods.



Specific expertise of Operations Associates includes: Supply Chain Management,

Facility Design, Network Analysis (supply chain & manufacturing), Turnarounds

and Operational Interventions, Reorganizations, Inventory Rationalization,

E-Commerce Order Fulfillment, Due Diligence, Post-Merger Integration Support,

Transportation & Simulation Modeling, LEAN Implementations, Material Handling,

Quality Engineering & Six Sigma Implementations.



Strategic solutions from Operations Associates have proven over years of actual

project results to increase profits through quality and delivery improvements;

reduce the cost of goods; improve inventory and space utilization; and

streamline operations. The firm has a strong track record of managing and

executing projects efficiently. With a long history of repeat clients,

Operations Associates has further enhanced its service equation byrisk-sharing:

i.e. predicting the savings to be won from its interventions, and tying its

final fees to those financial measures being achieved or exceeded.



Forward Looking Statements: The Company from time to time may discuss

forward-looking information. Except for factual historical information, all

forward looking statements are estimates by the Company's management and are

subject to various risks and uncertainties that are beyond the Company's control

and may cause actual results to differ materially from management's

expectations.



SOURCE Operations Associates LLC







CONTACT:John Auger, President & CEO of Operations Associates LLC,

+1-864-752-2300



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





