
                              811 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                            August 12, 2004 Thursday



Rural/Metro Awarded Three-Year Agreement to Continue Emergency Services to Alcoa

Site in Tennessee



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 608 words



DATELINE: SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. Aug. 12





Rural/Metro Corporation (OTC Bulletin Board: RURL), a leading national provider

of medical transportation and fire protection services, announced today that it

has been awarded a new three-year agreement to continue serving the emergency

needs of Alcoa Inc.'s aluminum manufacturing plant in Blount County, Tennessee.



The award, which was won in a competitive bidding process, is valued at

approximately $1.1 million in net revenue annually.



Jack Brucker, President and Chief Executive Officer, said, "Our significant

presence in the Southern region and Tennessee reinforces our ability to retain

respected, long-time customers, such as Alcoa. We are pleased to enter into a

new agreement and look forward to building on our excellent record there."



Rural/Metro has coordinated the emergency response system at Alcoa's Blount

County plant since 1996. Services include emergency medical response, fire and

hazardous materials protection, safety training, and gate security at the

1,600-acre site. Alcoa is the world's leading producer of aluminum and aluminum

products, operating in more than 350 locations in 41 countries. Every minute,

the Blount County plant and its more than 2,000 employees produce enough

aluminum sheeting to make 75,000 beverage cans.



Susan Brown, President of Rural/Metro's Southern Emergency Response Group, said,

"We are proud to serve Alcoa and look forward to making further contributions

toward the health and safety of its Blount County work force."



Chris Rucker, Division General Manager, said, "Our plant protection team has

worked diligently over the years to achieve the highest levels of care and

protection at Alcoa, and they remain committed to continuing that level of

commitment in the future.



Rural/Metro is the largest emergency service provider in East Tennessee, with a

combined work force of more than 500 firefighters, paramedics, EMTs,

telecommunicators, and other support personnel.



Rural/Metro Corporation is a national provider of emergency and non-emergency

medical transportation, fire protection, and other safety services in 24 states

and more than 400 communities throughout the United States. For more

information, visit the company's web site at www.ruralmetro.com.



Except for historical information herein, this press release may contain

forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause

actual results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include,

among others, the continued trading of the Company's common stock on the OTC

Bulletin Board; the company's ability to collect its accounts receivable;

competitors' actions; litigation matters; and the company's ability to sustain

operating cash flow, secure new contracts, retain existing contracts, and

improve earnings and operating margins. Additional factors that could affect the

company are described in its Form 10-K as amended for the year ended June 30,

2003 under the caption "Risk Factors" in the Management's Discussion and

Analysis section, and other factors as described from time to time in the

company's SEC filings. The company disclaims any obligation to update its

forward-looking statements.



    CONTACT: Liz Merritt, Rural/Metro Corporation

              480-606-3337

              Financial Dynamics, Investor Relations

              Jim Byers (Investors)

              415-439-4504

              Christopher Katis (Media)

              415-439-4518





SOURCE Rural/Metro Corporation



CONTACT: Liz Merritt of Rural/Metro Corporation, +1-480-606-3337; or Jim Byers,

Investors, +1-415-439-4504, or Christopher Katis, Media, +1-415-439-4518, both

of Financial Dynamics, for Rural/Metro Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS, CITY AND HEALTH EDITORS



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





