aa,PR Newswire,20110712,9:30,331878
                              197 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       July 12, 2011 Tuesday 9:30 AM EST



The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Alcoa, ConocoPhillips, BP Plc, ExxonMobil and

Chevron



LENGTH: 1151 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO, July 12, 2011





Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day

the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting

stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include:

Alcoa Inc (NYSE: AA), ConocoPhillips , BP Plc (NYSE: BP), ExxonMobil Corp. and

Chevron Corp. (NYSE: CVX).



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101027/ZIRLOGO)



Get the most recent insight from Zacks Equity Research with the free Profit from

the Pros newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5513



Here are highlights from Monday's Analyst Blog:



Alcoa Leads Off With Mixed Results



Alcoa Inc (NYSE: AA) officially kicked off another earnings season on Monday

with mixed second-quarter results. Revenue came in better than expected, but

earnings per share were short for the first time in five quarters.



The company reported adjusted earnings per share of 32 cents, missing the Zacks

Consensus Estimate of 34 cents. Earnings estimates had been falling heading into

the number, and the stock was downgraded to a Zacks #4 Rank (Sell) on July 7.



Revenue for the quarter rose 27% to $6.585 billion, above the Zacks Consensus

Estimate of $6.434 billion. The increase was due in part to higher alumina

shipments, and higher realized pricing for both alumina and aluminum.



Revenue growth was strong in many of Alcoa's end markets. Commercial

transportation rose 13% while packaging increased 13%. Building and construction

was up a solid 12% while industrial products increased 9%. Aerospace saw a 6%

rise in revenue.



Meanwhile, the gross profit margin expanded year-over-year from 18.8% of revenue

to 20.3%. It fell, however, from 20.9% in the first quarter.



CEO Klaus Kleinfeld remained positive on the company's outlook, stating that

"[d]emand for aluminum continues to rise and so does growth in our major

markets. These factors support our projection that aluminum demand will grow 12

percent this year and will double by 2020."



Alcoa Inc. is the world's leading producer and manager of primary aluminum,

fabricated aluminum and alumina facilities, and is active in all major aspects

of the industry.



Shares rose slightly in afterhours trading.



ConocoPhillips to Shed Vietnam Assets



ConocoPhillips (NYSE: COP) intends to divest its $1.5 billion worth of Vietnam

assets in the contentious South China Sea to Petrovietnam and partners.



This is reflective of the U.S. oil company's effort to categorize its asset base

and sustain its growth trajectory.



In a complex of five oilfields in Block 15-1, ConocoPhillips holds a 23.3%

interest. Its partners, the state-run Vietnam oil and gas group Petrovietnam,

Korea National Oil Corp stake, Korea's SK Corp and Monaco's Geopetrol hold a

50%, 14.2%, 9% and 3.5% interest, respectively.



In Block 15-2, ConocoPhillips enjoys a 36% stake of the Rang Dong oilfield in

the Cuu Long basin with the other partners being Japan Vietnam Petroleum Co with

a 46.5% stake and Petrovietnam with 17.5%.



In the Nam Con Son gas pipeline project, the U.S. integrate owns a 16.3% share

along with its co-partners BP Plc (NYSE: BP) with 32.7% and Petrovietnam with

17.5% interests.



The expected divestiture plan is a part of the company's restructuring program,

under which it aims to exit countries in which it has a small presence. The area

in the South China Sea remains loaded with hydrocarbon deposits and is under

dispute involving China, the Philippines and Vietnam over proprietary rights.

Vietnam and the Philippines have charged China with increasing conflict in the

area by disturbing seismic cables on oil and gas exploration ships, threatening

to damage vessels and injuring fishermen.



As the third-largest U.S. oil company by market value after ExxonMobil Corp.

(NYSE: XOM) and Chevron Corp. , ConocoPhillips' latest asset sale decision might

reflect the technical or political complexities over the oil fields, which are

located 180 kilometers southeast of Ho Chi Minh City.



However, on Petrovietnam's part, this acquisition plan demonstrates a commitment

to help protect Vietnam's sovereignty in the East Sea, as it calls the disputed

area. PetroVietnam stated that it will not change its exploration and production

plan in the East Sea.



We appreciate ConocoPhillips' emphasis on creating shareholder value through

operational excellence, strong project execution, dividend payout and

utilization of its excess cash flow to repurchase shares. Further, strong

proceeds from asset sales, disposal of low-profit generating properties and

cancelation of potentially less profitable projects adds to the company's

attempt to sustain its growth trajectory.



We maintain our long-term Neutral recommendation for the company, which retains

a Zacks #3 Rank (short-term Hold rating).



Want more from Zacks Equity Research? Subscribe to the free Profit from the Pros

newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5515.



About Zacks Equity Research



Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis

to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.



Continuous coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded stocks.

Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to

developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations

and target prices are six-month time horizons.



Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest

analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today:

http://at.zacks.com/?id=5517



About Zacks



Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in

1978 by Leon Zacks. As a PhD from MIT Len knew he could find patterns in stock

market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his many

accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system; the

Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1 margin.

The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market insights

of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email newsletter; Profit

from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable ideas GUARANTEED to

be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to Profit from the Pros

at http://at.zacks.com/?id=5518.



Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance

numbers displayed in this press release.



Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch



Join us on Facebook:

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?re

f=ts



Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should

always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing

herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any

security.



Media Contact

Zacks Investment Research

800-767-3771 ext. 9339

support@zacks.com

http://www.zacks.com



SOURCE Zacks Investment Research, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





