aa,PR Newswire,20100318,9:42,331999
                              318 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      March 18, 2010 Thursday 9:42 AM EST



USCAP Adds Weyerhaeuser to Coalition



LENGTH: 463 words



DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 18





Addition Shows Momentum Growing for Legislation



WASHINGTON, March 18 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The U.S. Climate Action

Partnership (USCAP) announced today that Weyerhaeuser, one of the world's

largest forest products companies, has joined the coalition of business and

environmental groups pushing for climate and energy legislation.



The addition of Weyerhaeuser demonstrates that there is ongoing support from the

business community for enacting sound climate and energy policy that is

economically sustainable and environmentally effective.



"The forest products industry will play a leading role in reducing dependence on

fossil fuels and reducing emissions of carbon dioxide using biomass from

forests, a sustainable resource and one of the best at sequestering carbon,"

said Weyerhaeuser CEO Dan Fulton. "The role of forest fiber in a low carbon

economy will depend on the public policy concepts under debate in Washington,

D.C. USCAP has successfully integrated the expertise of numerous stakeholders

and we believe our membership will help positively position sustainable

forestry, biomass and forest products in these important policy discussions."



A coalition of corporations and environmental NGOs representing a broad spectrum

of the U.S. economy, USCAP is dedicated to enacting bipartisan energy and

climate legislation that will create American jobs, enhance our energy security

and put the U.S. on a path to lower greenhouse gas emissions.



USCAP noted that Weyerhaeuser is a major force for sustainable business

practices and understands the need for sensible, clear legislation that puts the

U.S. on the pathway to creating new energy technologies that will fuel our

economy. Weyerhaeuser is joining at a critical time and will play a vital role

in advancing the objectives of all USCAP members.



Headquartered in Federal Way, Washington, Weyerhaeuser was founded over a

century ago, owns or manages 21 million acres of timberland and has offices or

operations in 10 countries.



United States Climate Action Partnership (USCAP) is a group of businesses and

leading environmental organizations that have come together to call on the

federal government to quickly enact strong national legislation to require

significant reductions of greenhouse gas emissions.



USCAP Members:



AES, Alcoa, Alstom, Boston Scientific, Chrysler, Dow, Duke Energy, DuPont,

Environmental Defense Fund, Exelon, Ford, FPL Group, GE, GM, Honeywell, John

Deere, Johnson & Johnson, Natural Resources Defense Council, The Nature

Conservancy, NRG Energy, PepsiCo, Pew Center on Global Climate Change, PG&E, PNM

Resources, Rio Tinto, Shell, Siemens, Weyerhaeuser, World Resources Institute



SOURCE United States Climate Action Partnership







CONTACT:Tad Segal, for USCAP, +1-202-507-4840, tsegal@outreachstrategies.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





