aa,PR Newswire,20090316,15:53,332117
                              436 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       March 16, 2009 Monday 7:53 PM GMT



Depot and Arsenal Executive Leadership Program Announces 2009 Corporate

Residency Matches



LENGTH: 818 words



DATELINE: CHAPEL HILL, N.C. March 16





CHAPEL HILL, N.C., March 16 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Depot and Arsenal

Executive Leadership Program (DAELP) is an executive development program for

commanders and senior civilian leaders of the United States Military Depots and

Arsenals. Established in 2003 by the U.S. Army Materiel Command (AMC), the

program is organized and administered by the Institute for Defense and Business

(IDB) and delivered in partnership with the University of North Carolina at

Chapel Hill.



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20090316/DC84323LOGO )



DAELP provides participants with basic management concepts as well as specific

tactics and strategies for effective leadership of large industrial complexes.

The comprehensive educational experience, spanning six months, is comprised of

the following elements:



  --  Five weeks of in-person academic instruction at the University of

      North Carolina at Chapel Hill's Friday Center for Continuing

      Education;

  --  A one-week series of benchmarking site visits to high-performing depot

      and arsenal facilities as well as leading corporations;

  --  An online Lean Six Sigma Champion certification offered in partnership

      with East Carolina University; and

  --  A four-week residency with leading private sector corporations.







The corporate residency serves as the integrative capstone for the program,

allowing substantive information exchanges with executives across functional

areas. This enables participants to identify industry-leading practices that

they can adapt and implement at their respective organizations to cut costs and

improve efficiency. The participants of the sixth offering of the DAELP are in

the midst of their four-week individualized corporate residencies, which began

in late February and conclude at the end of April. Below is a list of the

2008/2009 DAELP participants along with their corporate residency hosts:



  --  Mr. Michael Bogdahn, Deputy Commander, Marine Corps Logistics Center

      Barstow -- Oshkosh Defense and AM General*

  --  Mr. Larry Carroll, Deputy Director for Quality, Red River Army Depot

      -- BAE Land & Armaments

  --  COL Yolanda Dennis-Lowman, Commander, Tooele Army Depot -- Agility

  --  COL Scott Fletcher, Commander, Watervliet Arsenal -- Alcoa Defense

  --  Mr. Joe Franklin, Deputy Division Chief for Army Aviation, Defense

      Supply Center Richmond -- Sikorsky and Bell Helicopter*

  --  LTC Kimberly Gilbert-Mason, Commander, Hawthorne Army Depot -- DuPont

  --  Ms. Eva Knight, Supervisor Accountant, Internal Review, Red River Army

      Depot -- Robbins-Gioia, LLC and The Boeing Company*

  --  Mr. Dennis Lewis, Chief of Staff, Red River Army Depot -- Mack Trucks

      Inc. and Simpler Consulting LP*

  --  Mr. Brian Lott, Director of Ammunition Operations, McAlester Army

      Ammunition Plant -- Raytheon and Schneider National*

  --  Mr. James Mangino, Director of Production Engineering, Tobyhanna Army

      Depot -- Lockheed Martin Corporation and ITT Corporation*

  --  COL Dan Mitchell, Commander, Red River Army Depot -- Caterpillar

  --  Mr. Jody Oustrich, Deputy Director of Manufacturing, Tobyhanna Army

      Depot -- Northrop Grumman Corporation

  --  Col Terry Reid, Assistant Chief of Staff, Aviation Logistics Division,

      4th Marine Aircraft Wing -- AM General and Horizon Logistics*

  --  Ms. Barbara Robertson, Division Chief Land Customer Operations,

      Defense Supply Center Columbus -- SAS Institute, Inc. and FedEx*

  --  Mr. George Salitsky, Deputy Director of Intelligence, Surveillance and

      Reconnaissance, Tobyhanna Army Depot - BAE Electronics, Intelligence &

      Support (EI&S)

  --  COL Joseph Tirone, Commander, Blue Grass Army Depot -- ATK and Day &

      Zimmerman Group *

  --  Ms. Theresa Weaver, Director for Resource Management, Red River Army

      Depot -- IBM

  --  Mr. Richard Woodworth, Director Communications Systems, Tobyhanna Army

      Depot -- The Boeing Company







*Indicates a split residency where the participant spends two weeks with each

corporation listed.



Following the completion of these corporate residencies participants will brief

the leadership of AMC regarding their corporate residency learning experience,

with an emphasis on best practice replication.



The Institute for Defense and Business is a non-profit research and education

institute formed in 1997 by UNC-Chapel Hill and the state of North Carolina. The

IDB offers a series of educational programs for the military, government,

non-governmental agencies, and private industry. Areas of focus include

logistics, organizational management, and economic stabilization.



  Institute for Defense and Business

  Theresa Esposto, Director of Industry Relations

  919-969-8008

  http://www.idb.org/





CONTACT: Theresa Esposto, Director of Industry Relations, Institute for

Defense and Business, +1-919-969-8008



Web Site: http://www.daelp.org/

 http://www.idb.org/



SOURCE Institute for Defense and Business



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





