aa,PR Newswire US,20050808,20:07,332432
                              751 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       August 8, 2005 Monday 12:07 PM GMT



Diebold CFO Resigns; Krakora Named Interim CFO;

Company initiates internal and external search for successor



LENGTH: 963 words



DATELINE: NORTH CANTON, Ohio Aug. 8





NORTH CANTON, Ohio, Aug. 8  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Diebold, Incorporated

(NYSE:DBD) today announced that Gregory T. Geswein, senior vice president and

chief financial officer has resigned, effective August 12, 2005.  After serving

as CFO for more than five years, Geswein is leaving the company to become CFO of

The Reynolds and Reynolds Company (NYSE:REY), based near Dayton, Ohio.  Kevin J.

Krakora, vice president and corporate controller, has been named interim CFO

until a successor is identified.  Diebold will be conducting an internal and

external search for a successor.



"Greg's leadership has been instrumental to the company's success over the past

five years.  This is a voluntary decision on Greg's part, and we wish him well

in his future endeavors.  He will be missed," said Walden W. O'Dell, chairman

and chief executive officer.  "During his tenure, Greg built a very capable

financial team, which will ensure a smooth transition as we search for a

successor."



Prior to joining Diebold as CFO in April 2000, Geswein spent a year with

Agilysys (formerly Pioneer-Standard Electronics) in Cleveland, Ohio as CFO and

13 years with Mead Corporation in Dayton, Ohio.  Originally from Ironton, Ohio,

Geswein earned a bachelor's degree in Business Administration and an MBA, from

the University of Cincinnati.



"While I am very proud to have been a part of Diebold's transformation over the

past five years, I am looking forward to returning to my roots in Southwest

Ohio," said Geswein.  "This affords me a unique opportunity to be closer to my

family in that area."



Krakora was senior vice president and chief financial officer at TelTek, Inc. in

Atlanta, prior to joining Diebold in 2001. His other previous experience

includes vice president, controller with Alumax Inc.; vice president and

controller of the Customer Service and Support Division at Emerson Electric Co.

in Columbus, Ohio; and various positions at Price Waterhouse in Cleveland. He

received a master's degree in business administration from Case Western Reserve

University in Cleveland, and a bachelor's degree from Columbia University in New

York City.



Forward-Looking Statements



In this press release, statements that are not reported, financial results or

other historical information are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning

of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Forward- looking

statements give current expectations or forecasts of future events and are not

guarantees of future performance.  These forward-looking statements relate to,

among other things, the company's future operating performance, the company's

share of new and existing markets, the company's short- and long- term revenue

and earnings growth rates and the company's implementation of cost-reduction

initiatives.  The use of the words "believes," "anticipates," "expects,"

"intends" and similar expressions is intended to identify forward- looking

statements that have been made and may in the future be made by or on behalf of

the company.  Although the company believes that these forward- looking

statements are based upon reasonable assumptions regarding, among other things,

the economy, its knowledge of its business, and on key performance indicators

that impact the company, these forward-looking statements involve risks,

uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ

materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements.

The company is not obligated to update forward- looking statements, whether as a

result of new information, future events or otherwise.



Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking

statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Some of the risks,

uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ

materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements

include, but are not limited to:



   * competitive pressures, including pricing pressures and technological

      developments;

    * changes in the company's relationships with customers, suppliers,

      distributors and/or partners in its business ventures;

    * changes in political, economic or other factors such as currency

      exchange rates, inflation rates, recessionary or expansive trends,

      taxes and regulations and laws affecting the worldwide business in each

      of the company's operations, including Brazil, where a significant

      portion of the company's revenue is derived;

    * acceptance of the company's product and technology introductions in the

      marketplace;

    * unanticipated litigation, claims or assessments;

    * the company's ability to reduce costs and expenses and improve internal

      operating efficiencies;

    * variations in consumer demand for financial self-service technologies,

      products and services;

    * potential security violations to the company's information technology

      systems; and

    * the company's ability to achieve benefits from its cost-reduction

      initiatives and other strategic changes.







Diebold, Incorporated is a global leader in providing integrated self- service

delivery systems, security and services. Diebold employs more than 14,000

associates with representation in nearly 90 countries worldwide and is

headquartered in North Canton, Ohio, USA.  Diebold reported revenue of $2.4

billion in 2004 and is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the

symbol 'DBD.'  For more information, visit the company's Web site at

http://www.diebold.com/  .



CONTACT:  Media, Mike Jacobsen, +1-330-490-3796, or  jacobsm1@diebold.com ,

or Investors, John Kristoff, +1-330-490-5900, or  kristoj@diebold.com , both of

Diebold, Incorporated



Web site:   http://www.diebold.com/



SOURCE Diebold, Incorporated



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





