aa,PR Newswire,20111011,7:30,331854
                              173 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      October 11, 2011 Tuesday 7:30 AM EST



Mastech Holdings, Inc. Appoints New CEO



LENGTH: 386 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH, Oct. 11, 2011





Mastech Holdings, Inc. (NYSE Amex: MHH), a national provider of information

technology and specialized healthcare staffing services, announced today that D.

Kevin Horner has been appointed as the Company's President and Chief Executive

Officer. Mr. Horner has served as a member of the Company's Board of Directors

since 2008.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20100507/NE01385LOGO )



In making the announcement, Mastech's Co-Chairman and interim CEO Sunil

Wadhwani, stated, "Having worked with Kevin as a fellow director over the past

several years, I've experienced first-hand his strong leadership qualities,

sound business judgment, and a burning passion for success. The timing could not

have been better for us, given Kevin's recent retirement as Alcoa's Chief

Information Officer and desire to explore other career opportunities."

Commenting on the appointment, Co-Chairman Ashok Trivedi stated, "We are very

pleased to have someone with Kevin's broad technology background and a view of

our industry from a buyer's prospective."



Mr. Horner stated, "As an active member of the Board of Directors, I believe in

the Company's strategic direction and its many opportunities to grow and

prosper. I'm very excited about assuming the CEO position and look forward to

working with the Board of Directors and the management team to execute on our

strategy of growth and value creation."



Mr. Horner has more than 30 years of experience in the information technology

industry and has held both domestic and international leadership positions

throughout his distinguished career at Alcoa Inc. Prior to joining Mastech, Mr.

Horner served as Alcoa's Chief Information Officer where he was responsible for

creating an intricate information technology environment to support a $25

billion multi-national enterprise.



About Mastech Holdings, Inc.:



Leveraging the power of over 20 years of IT experience, Mastech (NYSE Amex: MHH)

provides Information Technology Staffing services in the disciplines which drive

today's business operations and Specialized Healthcare Staffing services to

hospitals and other healthcare facilities. More information about Mastech can be

found at Mastech's website: www.mastech.com.



SOURCE Mastech Holdings, Inc.







CONTACT:Donna Mascia, Manager, Investor Relations, Mastech Holdings, Inc.,

1-888-330-5497



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





