aa,PR Newswire US,20050906,11:32,332426
                              745 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                     September 6, 2005 Tuesday 3:32 PM GMT



Investcorp to Acquire Almatis Group From Rhone Capital and Ontario Teachers'

Private Capital



LENGTH: 556 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK Sept. 6





NEW YORK, Sept. 6  /PRNewswire/ -- Investcorp, the global investment group,

announced today that it had signed an agreement to acquire the Almatis Group, a

global leader in the development and production of specialty alumina materials,

from Rhone Capital and Ontario Teachers' Private Capital.  Terms of the

transaction were not disclosed.



Almatis' products are used in various industrial manufacturing processes and are

critical ingredients in the production of materials and solutions, such as

refractories, that protect industrial process equipment from the damaging effect

of heat, wear, chemical attack, impact and erosion, and provide thermal

insulation.  The company's products are sold globally to customers in the

high-grade steel production, glass manufacturing, high-end ceramics, and

electronics industries, amongst others.    Almatis has its principal

manufacturing facilities in The Netherlands, Germany, the United States and

China, and distributes on a global scale operating across the US and Europe and

throughout Asia.



Almatis' chief executive officer, Oscar Groomes said: "We are very excited about

our new partnership with Investcorp.  They have demonstrated a strong

understanding of our business model and the opportunities for growth and

expansion from our current strong base.  With their financial support and global

experience, we expect to capitalise on some very exciting prospects to grow and

strengthen Almatis through its next phase of development".



Investcorp managing director Mamoun Askari said that Investcorp saw Almatis as a

highly attractive investment opportunity given its leading position in specialty

alumina and the prospects for continued growth and margin expansion:  "Almatis

has had an exceptional track record in the last couple of years.  We believe

that the company will continue to excel due to its strong and increasing focus

on value creation for its customers, its compelling position in most of the

categories of specialty alumina that it participates in and the continuing

robust fundamentals in the global industries that it serves.  We are confident

that under the strong leadership of Oscar Groomes and the team that he has

built, Almatis' future is very promising," he said.



Almatis was established in 1910 as a division of Alcoa, and was sold to Rhone

Capital and Ontario Teachers' Private Capital in February 2004.



  Closing of this transaction is expected in October 2005.



   ABOUT INVESTCORP





Investcorp is a global investment group with offices in New York, London and

Bahrain.  The firm has four lines of business: corporate investment, real estate

investment, asset management and technology investment.  It was established in

1982 and has since completed transactions with an aggregate value of

approximately $25 billion.



In Europe, Investcorp and its clients currently own corporate investments that

include Polyconcept, APCOA and Hilding Anders.  In the United States, Investcorp

and its clients currently own corporate investments that include American Tire,

Associated Materials and Source Media.



  Further information is available at  http://www.investcorp.com/ .



    Contact:  Todd Fogarty

              Kekst and Company

              212-521-4854





CONTACT:  Todd Fogarty of Kekst and Company, +1-212-521-4854, for

Investcorp



Web site:   http://www.investcorp.com/



SOURCE Investcorp



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





