aa,PR Newswire,20051202,9:00,332410
                              729 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      December 2, 2005 Friday 2:00 PM GMT



Aerotech Standardizes on UGS' Solid Edge for Production Planning of Aerospace

Engine and Industrial Gas Turbine Components;

Aerotech Cites Solid Edge's Ability to Solve Complex Production Planning Issues

Through Increased Automation, Rapid Prototyping and Concurrent Engineering as

Key Selection Factors



LENGTH: 867  words



DATELINE: PLANO, Texas Dec. 2





UGS Corp., a leading global provider of product lifecycle management (PLM)

software and services, today announced Aerotech Peissenberg GmbH & Co. KG, a

member of the DROSTEN-Group and manufacturer of complex and highly stressed

components for aero engines and industrial gas turbines, has standardized on

Solid Edge(R) software, UGS' industry-leading, value-based 3D computer-aided

design (CAD) system for the mainstream PLM market. Aerotech will use Solid Edge

for production planning of turbine discs, rotating and static air seals,

casings, shafts and hubs using 3D-models of its customers' designs.



After an extensive evaluation of Solid Edge and SolidWorks(R), Aerotech licensed

16 seats of Solid Edge for all new production planning work including tool and

fixture design, based on its ability to accelerate workflow through increased

automation, rapid prototyping and concurrent engineering. Aerotech manufactures

turbine and compressor components with complex geometry out of highly heat

resistant Nickel-alloys and titanium. Every product is different and has

unmistakable properties which present daily design challenges. Utilizing Solid

Edge's superior core modeling and process workflows, Aerotech will be able to

provide specialized and high-grade components to its customers.



"We are pleased that Aerotech made the decision to standardize on Solid Edge,"

said Berthold Miekautsch, business unit manager, Solid Edge, Germany. "With a

strong footprint in the 3D CAD market, Solid Edge continues to provide customers

with the technology needed to get the job done accurately and quickly, allowing

companies to innovate throughout their design cycles." Solid Edge is the CAD

component of the new UGS Velocity Series, the industry's first comprehensive,

preconfigured portfolio of digital product design, analysis, and data management

software for the PLM mid-market.



Aerotech is supported by both the UGS Global Technical Assistance Center and by

certified UGS reseller ISAP AG in Germany ( http://www.isap.de/ ).



For more information on Aerotech Peissenberg GmbH & Co. KG visit

http://www.aerotech.de/ .



The Solution



Solid Edge ( http://www.solidedge.com/ ) from UGS is powerful 3D CAD software

that allows manufacturing companies to Design with Insight and achieve

competitive advantage through cost reduction, without losing focus on top line

revenues. The exclusive Solid Edge Insight technology embeds design management

capabilities directly within CAD, providing insight into design intent to the

entire organization and enhancing collaboration. Insight, complemented by Solid

Edge's superior core modeling and process workflows, greatly eases the design of

increasingly complex products required to meet continually changing market

demands. The extensive Solid Edge user community is comprised of designers at

thousands of companies worldwide, including Alcoa, NEC Engineering, and Volvo.

The Solid Edge Voyager Program includes 200 integrated engineering software

applications and computer hardware solutions.



About UGS



UGS is a leading global provider of product lifecycle management (PLM) software

and services with nearly 4 million licensed seats and 46,000 customers

worldwide. Headquartered in Plano, Texas, UGS' vision is to enable a world where

organizations and their partners collaborate through global innovation networks

to deliver world-class products and services while leveraging UGS' open

enterprise solutions, fulfilling the mission of enabling them to transform their

process of innovation. For more information on UGS products and services, visit

http://www.ugs.com/ .



Note: UGS, Solid Edge and Transforming the process of innovation are trademarks

or registered trademark of UGS Corp. or its subsidiaries in the United States

and in other countries. SolidWorks is a registered trademark or trademark of

SolidWorks Corporation. All other trademarks, registered trademarks or service

marks belong to their respective holders.



The statements in this news release that are not historical statements,

including statements regarding the expected benefits of the customer

relationship, the successfulness of the implementation and other statements

identified by forward looking terms such as "may," "will," "expect," "plan,"

"anticipate" or "project," are forward-looking statements. These statements are

subject to numerous risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to

differ materially from such statements, including, among others, risks relating

to loss or downsizing of customers, competition, international operations and

exchange rate fluctuations, changes in pricing models, and intellectual

property. UGS has included a discussion of these and other pertinent risk

factors in its registration statement on Form S-4 most recently filed with the

SEC. UGS disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any

forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future

events or otherwise.



   CONTACT:

   Susan Cinadr

   513-576-3736

   susan.cinadr@ugs.com





CONTACT: Susan Cinadr of UGS, +1-513-576-3736, or susan.cinadr@ugs.com



Web site: http://www.ugs.com/  http://www.isap.de/  http://www.aerotech.de/

http://www.solidedge.com/



SOURCE UGS



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





