aa,PR Newswire,20120820,9:00,331737
                              56 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       August 20, 2012 Monday 9:00 AM EST



Ventyx Signs Deal with Saudi Arabia's Largest Mining Company;

Ma'aden to implement Ventyx's Intelligent Mining Solutions across existing and

developing Saudi gold mining operations



LENGTH: 585 words



DATELINE: ATLANTA, Aug. 20, 2012





Ventyx, an ABB company , today announced it has signed a $2.8 million deal with

Ma'aden Gold and Base Metals Company , a wholly owned subsidiary of Ma'aden, the

largest mining company in Saudi Arabia. Ventyx will supply its market-leading

mining operations software solutions to enhance planning and performance in

Ma'aden's gold operations.



A diversified mining company, Ma'aden will implement Ventyx Intelligent Mining

Solutions across the four existing mines of its Ma'aden Gold and Base Metals

subsidiary. The company also has plans to significantly expand its gold

production in the coming years with a number of new projects due to come online.



"Ventyx has a long and successful record of helping complex, large-scale mining

operations such as ours to optimize their performance," said Yahia AlShangiti,

president of Ma'aden Gold and Base Metals Company. "We have been impressed with

both the company's deep domain expertise in mining, and the power and

flexibility of the software. We anticipate that Ventyx will be a strong partner

for us."



Specifically, Ma'aden is deploying two core mining applications from Ventyx's

mining software portfolio: Ventyx Production Accounting , which streamlines

metal accounting and provides insight into plant performance, and Ventyx

MineMarket , which allows mining companies to track ore movements from the mine

to the plant, manage stockpiles, track and manage logistics, and manage the

complex sales and service contracts related to delivering product to their

customers."



"The Saudi mining sector is growing and widely expected to become a 'third

pillar' of Saudi Arabian industry," said Craig Jones, chief operating officer,

Ventyx. "This is a strategically important agreement with Ma'aden, in which

we're partnering with the region's largest mining company to help further their

mining operations. We also see excellent growth possibilities for Ventyx in this

important mining region, and will be looking for opportunities to continue

expanding our footprint."



Ma'aden was established as a Saudi Arabian joint stock company in March 1997 to

facilitate the development of Saudi Arabia's non-petroleum mineral resources and

to diversify the Kingdom's economy away from the petroleum and petrochemical

sectors. Ma'aden is engaged in the development, advancement and improvement of

all aspects of the mineral industry, mineral products and by-products, and

related industries in Saudi Arabia. It currently has operations in gold,

phosphate and industrial minerals, is constructing a fully integrated mine to

rolled product aluminum joint venture with Alcoa, and has significant

exploration activities underway in Saudi Arabia.



About Ventyx



Ventyx, an ABB company, is a world-leading supplier of Industrial Enterprise

Software for essential industries such as energy, mining and public

infrastructure. Ventyx solutions bridge the gap between information technologies

(IT) and operational technologies (OT), enabling clients to make faster,

better-informed decisions in both daily operations and long-term planning

strategies. Some of the world's largest organizations rely on Ventyx solutions

to minimize risk, enhance operational and financial performance, and execute the

right strategies for the future. For more details, see http://www.ventyx.com .



SOURCE Ventyx







CONTACT: Gary Frazier, Ventyx, Desk +1-678-825-1452, Mobile +1-678-641-8093,

gary.frazier@ventyx.abb.com; or Neil Torres, Blanc & Otus PR, Desk

+1-415-856-5140, Mobile +1-415-948-6345, ntorres@blancandotus.com



LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





