aa,PR Newswire,20101112,17:27,331963
                              282 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      November 12, 2010 Friday 5:27 PM EST



I Recycle. Do You? November 15 is America Recycles Day!



LENGTH: 733 words



DATELINE: STAMFORD, Conn., Nov. 12, 2010





Annual Day of Celebration Raises Awareness and Encourages Action to Increase

Recycling Nationwide



STAMFORD, Conn., Nov. 12, 2010 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- "I Recycle" is the

theme of the 2010 America Recycles Day (ARD), which takes place on November 15.

Millions of Americans have pledged to increase their recycling habits at home

and at work over the 13-year history of ARD, a nationally-recognized initiative

dedicated to encouraging people to recycle more at home, at work, and on the go.



National nonprofit Keep America Beautiful is proud to lead the celebration,

providing resources and supporting the activities of over 1,500 grassroots event

organizers across the country.



"Recycling is the easiest thing that any individual can do to reduce his or her

carbon footprint, save energy and protect natural resources," said Matthew M.

McKenna, president & CEO of Keep America Beautiful, Inc. "While we celebrate the

power of recycling on this special day, it's something we should all make a

conscious effort to do every day of the year."



"On America Recycles Day, EPA encourages all Americans to consider their role in

creating a healthy environment by being responsible consumers. By making smarter

choices, consuming less, and reusing and recycling, each of us can contribute to

a healthier and more sustainable environment," said Mathy Stanislaus, EPA's

Assistant Administrator for Solid Waste and Emergency Response.



More than 2,000 events have been registered in 2010 ranging from electronics

recycling events and paper drives to contests and art exhibits. You can find

events near you by visiting americarecyclesday.org, which features a

search-by-zip code tool. Even if there's not a formal event in your area, there

are lots of ways to take part.



Take the America Recycles Day Pledge and commit to recycling as often as

possible. Spread the word and tell your friends.Download the America Recycles

Day badge and show your support by featuring it as your Facebook avatar for the

day.Find out what you can recycle in your community and where - you might be

surprised at your options. Visit earth911.com and simply type in your zip code

for the most comprehensive listing.Are you a recycling pro? Take it to the next

level with the America Recycles Day Challenge.Join Disney's Friends for Change

and, on America Recycles Day, take an old t-shirt to a Disney store to be

recycled and turned into paper.Download the Aluminate(TM) iPhone App to help

boost your aluminum recycling efforts. Alcoa will donate $1 to Keep America

Beautiful for every download!Get more recycling facts, tips and tools at

americarecyclesday.org.Commit to recycle, and ask your friends to as well, by

making a Dream Machine 'Bottle Promise' at www.facebook.com/DreamMachine.



Additionally, Keep America Beautiful is a proud partner of The Dream Machine

recycling initiative, a multi-year collaboration between PepsiCo, Waste

Management, and Greenopolis to make thousands of recycling bins and interactive

kiosks available in popular public venues. As part of America Recycles Day 2010,

Keep America Beautiful is proud to announce that affiliates in Oak Park, Ill.,

Manatee, Fla., and Mansfield, Mass. have committed to place more than 650

recycling bins in highly trafficked locations throughout each of their

communities.



America's leading companies and organizations support recycling through

sponsorships and partnerships with America Recycles Day 2010: Alcoa Foundation,

American Chemistry Council, Anheuser-Busch, Earth911.com, Disney's Friends for

Change, Naked Juice, Nestle Waters North America, PepsiCo and Waste Management.



About Keep America Beautiful, Inc.



Keep America Beautiful, Inc., established in 1953, is the nation's largest

volunteer-based community action and education organization. With a network of

over 1,200 affiliate and participating organizations, Keep America Beautiful

forms public private partnerships and programs that engage individuals to take

greater responsibility for improving their community environments. To join

America Recycles Day, visit www.americarecyclesday.org. To learn more about Keep

America Beautiful, visit www.kab.org.

CONTACTS:

Robert Wallace/ Larry Kaufman

Tel: 203.659.3016/ 203.659.3014

Email: rwallace@kab.org / lkaufman@kab.org



SOURCE Keep America Beautiful, Inc.







CONTACT:Robert Wallace, +1-203-659-3016, rwallace@kab.org; or Larry Kaufman,

+1-203-659-3014, lkaufman@kab.org



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





