aa,PR Newswire,20051109,16:00,332414
                              733 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                     November 9, 2005 Wednesday 9:00 PM GMT



Selectica Announces Addition of Brenda Zawatski to Board of Directors;

Industry Veteran Brings Wealth of Experience in Driving Business and Marketing

Strategies for High-Growth Industries



LENGTH: 513  words



DATELINE: SAN JOSE, Calif. Nov. 9





Selectica, Inc.(NASDAQ:SLTC), a leading provider of sales execution and contract

management solutions, today announced that Brenda Zawatski has joined the

Company's Board of Directors.



Ms. Zawatski is a technology industry veteran with more than 25 years of

experience. She currently serves as the Vice President and General Manager of

Information Lifecycle Management Solutions (ILMS) at Sun Microsystems, and

formerly StorageTek, where she is responsible for strategic messaging, product

requirements and campaigns for all ILMS products, solutions and acquisitions.

Previously, Ms. Zawatski held senior management and marketing positions with

VERITAS Software and IBM. Ms. Zawatski holds a bachelor's of science degree in

Accounting and Computer Science from Penn State University.



"We are very pleased to welcome Brenda to our Board of Directors, as she brings

valuable experience in directing business and marketing strategy for technology

companies," said Vince Ostrosky, CEO of Selectica. "She has a strong

understanding of the markets that Selectica is selling into and the needs and

desires of the CIOs we are targeting. Brenda also has direct experience in

repositioning technologies in the marketplace, which will help drive our

continuing evolution to an application-focused company."



The Company also announced that Michael Lyons will leave the Board of Directors

effective immediately to spend more time with a technology company he has just

founded. "Leaving Selectica's Board will give me a greater opportunity to grow

my business, but this decision is difficult for me as I believe in the Company

and I have enjoyed working with Selectica's great team over the years," said

Lyons.



Vince Ostrosky noted Lyons' long-running relationship with the company and said

he would be missed. "I thank Mike Lyons for his years of distinguished service

to our company. We have great respect for his long record of achievement," said

Ostrosky.



Following these changes, Selectica's Board will have six members, with four

being classified as independent.



About Selectica, Inc.



Founded in 1996, Selectica(NASDAQ:SLTC)provides high-performance enterprise

software that enables customers to manage and sell complex offerings, and ensure

compliance. The company's solutions are used to simplify, integrate and

accelerate product lifecycle management, order configuration, pricing and

contract management.



Selectica customers represent global manufacturing and service leaders

including: 7-Eleven, ABB, Alcoa, Applied Bio Systems, Bell Canada, Cisco, Dell,

General Electric, Fireman's Fund Insurance Company, Hitachi, International

Paper, Juniper Networks, Rockwell Automation, Seton Hospital, Time Warner and

Triad Hospitals. Selectica is headquartered in San Jose, CA. For more

information, visit the company's Web site at www.selectica.com.



  Contact:



  At Financial Relations Board:

  Tony Rossi

  Investor Relations

  310-854-8317





CONTACT: Investor Relations, Tony Rossi of Financial Relations

Board,+1-310-854-8317, for Selectica, Inc.



Web site: http://www.selectica.com/



SOURCE Selectica, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





