aa,PR Newswire,20110712,17:00,331877
                              196 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       July 12, 2011 Tuesday 5:00 PM EST



GNC Holdings, Inc. Announces Promotions in Management Structure in

Merchandising, Marketing and Store Operations; Will Commence Search for New

Executive Vice President of International Operations



LENGTH: 586 words



DATELINE: PITTSBURGH, July 12, 2011





GNC Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: GNC), a leading global specialty retailer of

nutritional products, today announced that it has made three promotions in its

merchandising, marketing and store operations functions.



(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110302/NE57701LOGO )



Thomas Dowd, a twenty-two year GNC veteran, has been promoted from Executive

Vice President, Store Operations and Development to Executive Vice President,

Chief Merchandising Officer and General Manager; Jeffrey Hennion has been

promoted from Executive Vice President, Chief Branding Officer to Executive Vice

President, Chief Marketing Officer; and Darryl Green has been promoted from

Senior Vice President, Domestic Franchising to Senior Vice President, Domestic

Store Operations.



"These promotions demonstrate the strength of the current management team, which

has allowed us to restructure the merchandising and marketing organization

utilizing internal talent after the recent departure of Beth Kaplan," said Joe

Fortunato, President and CEO of GNC Holdings, Inc. "Tom Dowd and Darryl Green

represent over 40 years of experience in the dietary supplement industry at GNC,

including key areas like Store Operations, Merchandising and Franchising. In

addition, Jeff Hennion was recently recruited from Dick's Sporting Goods and

represents significant executive experience with over 20 years at Dick's and at

Alcoa in various executive roles, including marketing, e-commerce, social media,

and finance and administration."



The Company also announced today that David P. Berg has resigned, effective

September 2011, from his position as Chief Operating Officer to pursue other

interests. Mr. Fortunato added, "David accelerated our international growth and

strengthened our international management team to allow for continued core

growth in our existing 48 international franchise countries. The international

management team continues to focus on growth in China and is pursuing

opportunities in other key countries as well. We wish David well in his future

endeavors."



Mr. Fortunato noted that a search for a new Executive Vice President,

International Operations will commence immediately to replace Mr. Berg.



About GNC Holdings, Inc.



GNC Holdings, Inc., headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pa., is a leading global

specialty retailer of health and wellness products, including vitamins,

minerals, and herbal supplement products, sports nutrition products and diet

products, and trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "GNC".



As of March 31, 2011, GNC has more than 7,300 locations, of which more than

5,600 retail locations are in the United States (including 895 franchise and

2,029 Rite Aid franchise store-within-a-store locations) and franchise

operations in 48 countries (including distribution centers where retail sales

are made). The Company - which is dedicated to helping consumers Live Well - is

a diversified, multi-channel business model that derives revenue from product

sales through company-owned retail stores, domestic and international franchise

activities, third party contract manufacturing, e-commerce, and corporate

partnerships. Our broad and deep product mix, which is focused on high-margin,

premium, value-added nutritional products, is sold under GNC proprietary brands,

including Mega Men, Ultra Mega, GNC Wellbeing, Pro Performance, and Longevity

Factors, and under nationally recognized third party brands.



SOURCE GNC Holdings, Inc.







CONTACT:Greg Miller, gmiller@marketcompr.com, MarketcomPR, +1-212-536-5177, Ext

1



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2011



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2011 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





