aa,PR Newswire,20090721,9:35,332042
                              361 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       July 21, 2009 Tuesday 9:35 AM EST



Identifying Companies to Benefit from Bull or Bear Market Outlook



LENGTH: 432 words



DATELINE: LAS VEGAS, July 21





LAS VEGAS, July 21 /PRNewswire/ -- SmallCapSentinel.com has just released an

article addressing the market direction over the next 60 days, fusing bull,

bearish and flat market perspectives into one useful commentary. Companies are

classified as to which could benefit individually from each market condition and

sentiment.



Visit the link below to see in which group your investment is categorized:



http://smallcapsentinel.com/choose



Each of the following companies are specifically addressed: Pfizer Inc.

(NYSE:PFE), PetMed Express, Inc. (NasdaqGS:PETS), Texas Instruments Inc.

(NYSE:TXN), Ford Motor Co. (NYSE:F), Alcoa, Inc. (NYSE:AA), United States Steel

Corp. (NYSE:X), and Siemens AG (NYSE:SI).



From the report: I always enjoyed reading the "Choose Your Own Adventure"

gamebooks. Each story was written from a second-person point of view, with the

reader assuming the leading role and making choices that determine the main

character's fate. Regardless of how the author intended this book to go, I

ultimately had responsibility for the outcome, even if it wasn't favorable. As

the stock market is always a multi-option adventure, instead of espousing my

usual opinions on the vagaries of the economy and investments I thought it would

be prudent to allow you to choose your own adventure by first selecting your

market sentiment and then seeing which companies stand to benefit most from that

perspective."



To determine which group your company falls in visit:



http://smallcapsentinel.com/choose



Be sure to register for future commentaries sent directly to you.



Statements herein may contain forward-looking statements and are subject to

significant risks and uncertainties affecting results. SmallCapSentinel.com is

property of Integrity Media Inc. (IMI). IMI provides no assurance as to the

subject company's plans or ability to effect proposed actions and cannot project

capabilities, intent, resources, or experience. The subject companies haven't

always approved the statements made in this report. This report is neither a

solicitation to buy, nor offer to sell securities and is for information

purposes only and shouldn't be used as basis for investment decisions. IMI isn't

an investment advisor, analyst or licensed broker dealer and this report isn't

investment advice. IMI has not been paid by any company referenced herein for

this report. Paid reports constitute a conflict of interest as to IMI's ability

to remain objective in communication regarding subject companies. S. Convery,

CRD#2495267.



SOURCE Integrity Media Inc.







CONTACT:Kurt Divich of Integrity Media Inc., +1-702-396-1000



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





