aa,PR Newswire US,20070618,11:44,332264
                              583 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                        June 18, 2007 Monday 3:44 PM GMT



The Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association Forms Employer and Physician Advisory

Groups to Guide Development of Blue Health Intelligence(R)



LENGTH: 1232 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO June 18





CHICAGO, June 18  /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Blue Cross and Blue Shield

Association (BCBSA) has established physician and employer advisory groups to

further enhance the market development of its Blue Health Intelligence (BHI)

initiative, the nation's premier healthcare database comprised of deidentified

claims information from up to 80 million lives.



"The addition of these groups will help BHI maintain its leadership in

healthcare informatics," said BCBSA President and CEO Scott P. Serota.  "We look

forward to working with this esteemed group of employers and physicians. Their

hard work will result in a database that will enhance the quality of information

available to consumers, providers and employers."



Launched in 2006, BHI will provide sharper insight into healthcare trends,

delivery and best clinical practices, and information about the efficacy of

treatments and new medical technologies.  BHI compiles, analyzes and organizes

data, which can then be used as benchmarks to conduct comparative analyses

across a range of healthcare components.  The first sets of benchmark data were

released to participating Blue Cross and Blue Shield companies in December 2006.



"The advisory groups will provide high-level strategic counsel and

recommendations that will help us provide insight into important health issues,"

said Bob J. Greczyn, Jr., president and chief executive officer, Blue Cross and

Blue Shield of North Carolina, and co-chair of the BHI board.



The employer and physician advisory groups will be responsible for contributing

research-based insights into issues critical to the public's health.  In

addition, they will monitor new market initiatives in the areas of healthcare

costs and quality data, and track healthcare literature and trends in practice

and technology.  With this knowledge, these advisory groups will help identify

opportunities for BHI to form new healthcare solutions in quality and

transparency for employers, providers and consumers.



"This input from the groups will guide BHI as it continues to establish itself

as the most comprehensive collection of healthcare information in the industry,"

added Alice F. Rosenblatt, executive vice president, integration and information

management officer and chief actuary, WellPoint Inc., and co- chair of the BHI

board.



The groups will meet separately with the first meetings convening this summer.

Members will serve one, two-year term.  The following is a roster of BHI's

employer and physician advisory groups.



  BHI Employer Advisory Group



   Member             Title/Company



   Delia Vetter       Senior Director of Benefits, Employee

                      Services & Programs

                      EMC Corporation

   Bill Greer         Vice President, Benefits

                      Kellogg Company

   Mike Stoll         Vice President, Benefits

                      The Kroger Co.

   Greg Heaslip       Vice President, Benefits

                      Pepsico

   Bob Ihrie          Vice President, Compensation and Benefits

                      Lowe's Companies, Inc.

   Steve Lampkin      Vice President, Benefits Department

                      Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.

   Mark Cullen,       Professor of Medicine & Public Health

   M.D.               Yale University School of Medicine

                      Senior Medical Director

                      ALCOA

   Jeanne Denz        Director, Global Benefits

                      General Mills

   Martin Storey      Director of Benefits

                      Michelin North America

   Tom Jecklin        Manager, Healthcare Benefits

                      State Farm

   William            Vice President, Compensation and Benefits

   Strahan            Comcast

   Daniel Green       Deputy Associate Director, Center for

                      Employee and Family Support Policy

                      Office of Personnel Management

   Anna Fallieras     Program Leader, Health Care Initiatives

                      GE Company

   Pascale Thomas     Director, Benefits, Corporate Human

                      Resources

                      Verizon Communications Inc.



   BHI Physician Advisory Group



   Name/Employer/        Title/Company

   Contact



   H. Frank Farmer,      Chairman and Practicing Physician

   Jr., M.D.             Florida Board of Medicine

   David Blumenthal,     Samuel O. Their Professor of Medicine

   M.D., MPP             and Health Policy

                         Harvard Medical School

                         Director, Institute for Health Policy

                         Massachusetts General Hospital/ Partners

                         HealthCare System

   Thomas Henry Lee,     Professor of Medicine

   Jr., M.D.             Harvard Medical School

                         Network President

                         Partners HealthCare System

   Joel Bender,          Corporate Director of Health Services

   M.D., Ph.D.           General Motors Corporation

   James R. Claflin,     Specialist

   M.D.                  Oklahoma Allergy and Asthma Clinic

   Kelly Kelleher,       Professor

   M.D., MPH             The Ohio State University

                         Vice President for Health Services

                         Research

                         Children's Research Institute, Columbus,

                         OH

   David Filipi,         Vice President, Medical Affairs for

   M.D., MBA             Methodist Physicians Clinic

                         Methodist Physicians Clinic, Omaha, NE

   William L. Roper,     Dean, School of Medicine and CEO, UNC

   M.D., MPH             Health Care System

                         The University of North Carolina

   Barry Straube,        CMO and Director, Office of Clinical

   M.D.                  Standards and Quality

                         Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services

                         (CMS)

   Alan M. Garber,       Henry J. Kaiser Jr. Professor; Director,

   M.D., Ph.D.           Center for Health Policy; Director,

                         Center for Primary Care and Outcomes

                         Research

                         Stanford University

                         Staff Physician

                         Department of Veterans Affairs

   Jonathan B.           Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice

   Perlin, M.D.,         President for Quality

   Ph.D., MSHA,FACP      Hospital Corporation of America (HCA)

   Frederick             Chief of the Division of Internal

   Brancati, M.D.,       Medicine and Director, Johns Hopkins

   MHS                   Outcomes Evaluation Program

                         The Johns Hopkins University

   Mark Cullen, M.D.     Professor of Medicine & Public Health

                         Yale University School of Medicine

                         Senior Medical Director

                         ALCOA

   Allan Korn, M.D.      Vice President and CMO

                         Blue Cross Blue Shield Association







The Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association is made up of 39 independent, locally

operated Blue Cross and Blue Shield companies that collectively provide

healthcare coverage for more than 98 million -- nearly one-in-three --

Americans.  For more information on the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association

and its member companies, please visit  http://www.bcbs.com/ .



CONTACT:  Matt Levin of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association,

+1-312-297-5917,  matt.levin@bcbsa.com



Web site:   http://www.bcbs.com/



SOURCE Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2007 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





