
                              783 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                            February 18, 2005 Friday



FARO Adds CFO to Executive Team; Announces Future CEO Transition Plan



LENGTH: 839 words



DATELINE: LAKE MARY, Fla. Feb. 18





LAKE MARY, Fla., Feb. 18  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- FARO Technologies, Inc.

(NASDAQ:FARO) today announced the appointment of Barbara R. Smith as Chief

Financial Officer, effective February 21, 2005. Ms. Smith, a 23-year veteran of

Alcoa Inc., will take over the CFO duties from co-founder Greg Fraser, who will

remain as Executive Vice President of the Company. "We are positioning ourselves

for continued strong growth during the next few years, in particular with an

emphasis on growing our Asian markets, new technology and business acquisitions

and continued penetration into our existing markets," said Simon Raab, Chairman

and CEO.  With the addition of Ms. Smith to the executive team, both founders

will be able to contribute their time and focus to these strategic initiatives.



(Logo:  http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20000522/FLM035LOGO  )



"Barbara Smith's appointment is a result of an extensive search based on very

high and clearly defined expectations for qualifications and personality fit

within our senior executive team," said Raab. "Barbara's extensive experience in

several of Alcoa's manufacturing segments is ideally suited to our needs as we

continue to grow."



The Company also announced that, as part of the Board of Directors' strategic

planning process with respect to CEO succession, it intends to enter into a

transition agreement with Simon Raab, CEO.  The Company expects that, beginning

in March 2006, Mr. Raab will share CEO duties with Jay Freeland, President and

COO, allowing Mr. Raab to focus on research and development and strategic

initiatives.



"To date Jay has met all expectations set when he joined the Company, and I have

no hesitation in entering into a transition agreement, which will have him begin

to assume some CEO duties a year from now," Raab continued. "This agreement will

allow me to focus on those things where I bring the most value to the Company,

while providing for a smooth CEO transition."



This press release contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of

the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) that are subject to risks

and uncertainties, such as statements about our plans, objectives, projections,

expectations, assumptions, strategies, or future events. Statements that are not

historical facts or that describe the Company's plans, objectives, projections,

expectations, assumptions, strategies, or goals are forward-looking statements.

In addition, words such as "may," "believes," "anticipates," "expects,"

"intends," "plans," "seeks," "estimates," "will," "should," "could," "projects,"

"forecast," and similar expressions or discussions of our strategy or other

intentions identify forward-looking statements. Other written or oral

statements, which constitute forward-looking statements, also may be made by the

Company from time to time.  Forward- looking statements are not guarantees of

future performance and are subject to various known and unknown risks,

uncertainties, and other factors that may cause actual results, performances, or

achievements to differ materially from future results, performances, or

achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.

Consequently, undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking

statements.



Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from what is

expressed or forecasted in forward-looking statements include, but are not

limited to:



* The failure of the Company to come to enter into a transition agreement with

Simon Raab;



* the failure of Jay Freeland to assume a greater role in the management of the

Company;



* the other risks detailed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K and other

filings from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Forward-looking statements in this release represent the Company's judgment as

of the date of this release.  The Company undertakes no obligation to update

publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,

future events, or otherwise.



About FARO



FARO Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:FARO) and its international subsidiaries design,

develop, and market software and portable, computerized measurement devices. The

Company's products allow manufacturers to perform 3-D inspections of parts and

assemblies on the shop floor. This helps eliminate manufacturing errors, and

thereby increases productivity and profitability for a variety of industries in

FARO's worldwide customer base. Principal products include the FARO Laser

ScanArm; FARO Gage and Gage-PLUS; Platinum, Titanium and Advantage FaroArms; the

FARO Laser Tracker X and Si; and the CAM2 family of advanced CAD-based

measurement and reporting software. FARO Technologies is ISO 9001 certified and

ISO-17025 laboratory registered. Learn more at  http://www.faro.com/  .



CONTACT:  Greg Fraser, Executive Vice President, FARO Technologies, Inc.,

+1-407-333-9911; or Vic Allgeier, The TTC Group, +1-212-227-0997, for FARO

Technologies, Inc.



Web site:   http://www.faro.com/



SOURCE FARO Technologies, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





