aa,PR Newswire,20051121,8:00,332412
                              731 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                      November 21, 2005 Monday 1:00 PM GMT



Coremetrics Appoints Steve Cox as Vice President of Operations;

- Former Dresser, Inc. Executive Joins Management Team -



LENGTH: 640  words



DATELINE: SAN MATEO, Calif. Nov. 21





Coremetrics, the leading provider of hosted Web analytics and precision

marketing solutions, today announced that Steve Cox has joined Coremetrics as

vice president of operations. Cox brings over 25 years of information systems

and technology experience working with Dresser, Inc., VTEL Corporation, NEC

America and Alumax, Inc. to the Coremetrics executive team. As the new vice

president of operations, Cox reports directly to Mark Resnick, Coremetrics COO

and CFO, and is responsible for the ongoing development, enhancement, and

maintenance of a leading e-commerce platform capable of supporting customers and

partners worldwide.



"With our hosted solutions servicing over 600 clients today, it is critical that

our systems are always are up and running," said Mark Resnick, Coremetrics COO

and CFO. "Steve's diversified experience in various IT functions, specifically

working with large scale internet-based RDBMS applications, is exactly what

Coremetrics needs to provide and maintain highly reliable solutions. The team

looks forward to working with him to support our growing client base."



Cox joins Coremetrics from Dresser Inc., a global provider of energy

infrastructure equipment, where he held the roles of corporate director of

global business systems and director of global IT for the Wayne Business Unit.

Cox was responsible for implementing and managing all corporate systems

including Oracle's e-business suite enterprise applications, corporate treasury

systems, web services and data management solutions. Previous to working at

Dresser, Cox served as the vice president of information systems and technology,

chief information officer for VTEL Corporation, a provider of innovative video

conferencing systems and services. Cox also held senior positions at NEC

America, Inc.



"Responsible for large, global IT infrastructures, I know first-hand the

intricacies and challenges involved with managing and growing a hosted

solution," said Steve Cox, vice president of operations for Coremetrics. "With

current record-breaking growth of eCommerce transactions, I'm excited to join

the industry's leading team, driving adoption of on-demand Web analytic and

marketing solutions."



About Coremetrics



Coremetrics is the leading provider of on-demand Web analytics and precision

marketing solutions, offering the industry's only Web analytics platform that

captures and stores all customer and visitor clickstream activity to build LIVE

(Lifetime Individual Visitor Experience) Profiles. Representing the single most

accurate and comprehensive source of online customer data, LIVE Profiles serve

as the foundation for all successful eBusiness initiatives. Leading online

brands rely on Coremetrics LIVE Profiles to monitor and optimize the performance

of multiple marketing campaigns, improve cross-sell and multichannel

initiatives, and precisely target customers through intelligent marketing

campaigns. Coremetrics services more than 600 clients and has delivered over

$300 million in documented ROI in the past two years. The company is privately

held with funding from Accel Partners and Highland Capital Partners and is

headquartered in San Mateo, California with offices in Austin, Texas and London,

England. To learn more about Coremetrics, visit http://www.coremetrics.com/ or

call 877-721-CORE.



Coremetrics has strongly supported online privacy since its inception. To learn

more, visit http://www.coremetrics.com/privacy .



Coremetrics is the trademark of Coremetrics, Inc. Any other marks used in this

document are trademarks or registered trademarks of the manufacturers or

marketers of the products with which the marks are associated.



CONTACT: Adriana Gascoigne of LEWIS PR for Coremetrics, +1-415-277-5400,

adrianag@lewispr.com



Web site: http://www.coremetrics.com/  http://www.coremetrics.com/privacy



SOURCE Coremetrics, Inc.



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2007



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





