aa,PR Newswire,20090424,7:51,332081
                              400 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       April 24, 2009 Friday 11:51 AM GMT



UPMC Executive Michael DeLuca & Vinimaya CEO Gary Hare Named 'Pros to Know' by

Supply & Demand Chain Executive Magazine



LENGTH: 688 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK, PITTSBURGH and SHELTON, Conn., Apr. 24





Vinimaya's SmartSearch Catalog(TM) Helps UPMC Transform Its Supply Chain, Reduce

Costs



NEW YORK, PITTSBURGH and SHELTON, Conn., Apr. 24 /PRNewswire/ -- Michael DeLuca,

Director, Supply Chain Systems & Consulting Services at University of Pittsburgh

Medical Center (UPMC), was named a Supply & Demand Chain Executive Magazine "Pro

to Know" for his work in transforming the supply chains at two leading

organizations.



TheSupply & Demand Chain ExecutivePros to Know are listings of individuals that

are demonstrating leadership and innovation during the current economic downturn

by helping organizations manage successful supply and demand chain

transformations.



DeLuca was lauded by the publication as a supply chain innovator and evangelist

for Lean Thinking and process improvement. Both at UPMC and in his previous work

at Alcoa, Inc., DeLuca was instrumental in leading successful e-procurement

transformations that drove real change and bottom line savings. At both

organizations, DeLuca implemented dynamic e-marketplaces powered by Vinimaya,

leveraging the base ERP systems to drive contract compliance, automation,

improved data management and overall user adoption. DeLuca was also instrumental

in helping to launch Prodigo Solutions, LLC, a supply chain solutions company

which is now part of UPMC's International and Commercial Services Division. UPMC

is a $7 billion global health enterprise, which operates a 20-hospital system

with nearly $2 billion in spend.



"This year's Provider Pros to Know have shown themselves to be thought-leaders

in their respective supply chain segments," said Andrew K. Reese, editor

ofSupply & Demand Chain Executive. "Their efforts in developing the tools and

processes that enable companies to weather risky economic conditions and place

them in a position to surge ahead in better times have earned them a place on

this year's Provider Pros listing."



The magazine also named Vinimaya CEO Gary Hare as "Provider Pro to Know" for the

fourth year in a row, for his commitment to developing innovative supply chain

software solutions. Vinimaya's "SmartSearch" B2B catalog search, based on

technologies more commonly found on the consumer-side of e-Commerce, such as

meta-search and intelligent agents, helps enterprises deal with challenges like

B2B shopping, catalog enablement, supplier connectivity and price auditing.

Vinimaya counts among its clients many leading global 500 companies, including

Sunoco, 3M, Alcoa, Corning, UPMC, EDS, Cooper Industries and Siemens among

others.



About Vinimaya



Vinimaya, Inc. is a privately held software solutions company that provides

innovative E-Procurement Catalog and B2B Shopping Solutions for both buyers and

suppliers based on their patent-pending Vinimaya SmartSearch(TM) technology

platform. Vinimaya products are 100% compatible with systems from Ariba, SAP,

Oracle and PeopleSoft among others and are used by global companies in multiple

vertical markets such as Sunoco, 3M, Alcoa, Corning, UPMC, EDS, Cooper

Industries and Siemens among others. For more information please visit

http://www.vinimaya.com or call 888-618-8634.



"Vinimaya", "Vinimaya SmartSearch Catalog", Vinimaya SmartSearch Agents",

"ViniSyndicate", "ViniSyndicate Catalog Integration System", "ViniSyndicate

Supplier Integration System", "EasyOrder", "EasyPortal", "Vinimaya Supplier

Solutions" and "Vinimaya Buyer Solutions" are registered trademarks of Vinimaya,

Inc. All other product and company names listed may be the trademarks of their

respective owners.



AboutSupply & Demand Chain Executive



Supply & Demand Chain Executiveis the executive's user manual for successful

supply and demand chain transformation, utilizing hard-hitting analysis,

viewpoints and unbiased case studies to steer executives and supply management

professionals through the complicated, yet critical, world of supply and demand

chain enablement to gain competitive advantage. www.SDCExec.com.



SOURCE Vinimaya, Inc.







CONTACT:Leonard Lee of Vinimaya, Inc., +1-612-670-3445, llee@vinimaya.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2009



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2009 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





