aa,U.S. Newswire,20061018,10:01,332345
                              664 of 858 DOCUMENTS







                                 U.S. Newswire



                    October 18, 2006 Wednesday 10:01 AM EST



World Resources Institute Introduces Five Easy Steps for Offices and Stores to

Acquire Renewable Energy



SECTION: CITY DESK, ENVIRONMENT REPORTER CONTACTS: PAUL MACKIE, 202 729-7684, OR

PMACKIE@WRI.ORG OR NATE KOMMERS, 202 729-7736, OR NKOMMERS@WRI.ORG BOTH OF WORLD

RESOURCES INSTITUTE



LENGTH: 507 words





The World Resources Institute (WRI) today cuts through the clutter with

essential information -- in just 26 pages -- for financial institutions; real

estate, retail, law and publishing firms; universities; non-profit organizations

and many others to understand the basics of how they can go green.



"Switching to Green" provides a five-step outline for acquiring renewable

energy. It also includes links to essential resources and brief examples of how

companies have diversified their energy supply and supported the growth of clean

energy technologies by incorporating renewable energy into their operations.



"Depending on your office's goals, you could have multiple renewable energy

options, from local green power to a nationally- sourced product," said Samantha

Putt del Pino, author of the how- to guide.



Renewable energy can be used to generate heat and electricity, from sources such

as solar, wind, biomass, landfill gas, geothermal and some types of certified

hydropower. Unlike fossil fuels, these resources do not contribute to emissions

of carbon dioxide (CO2), which causes global warming.



Many office- and retail-based companies and organizations -- including Whole

Foods Market, Starbucks, FedEx Kinko's, Staples and the World Bank Group -- have

made the switch to renewable energy. These companies have purchased green power

to help meet their climate or energy goals. For others that want to do the same,

Switching to Green can help.



The guide's five-step process includes:



-- A discussion of the business case for buying renewable energy



-- An overview of delivery options, including some of the advantages and

disadvantages of going green



-- Cost-saving strategies that companies use -- A breakdown of how to buy

renewable energy, from understanding the data you need to signing a contract and



-- A description of how the carbon benefit of your office's renewable energy

purchase is calculated.



Switching to Green draws heavily on the lessons and publications of the Green

Power Market Development Group, whose members include many of the largest

corporate users of renewable energy.



-----



The World Resources Institute -- http://www.wri.org -- is an independent,

non-partisan and nonprofit organization with a staff of more than 100

scientists, economists, policy experts, business analysts, statistical analysts,

mapmakers and communicators developing and promoting policies that will help

protect the Earth and improve people's lives.



Convened in 2000, the Green Power Market Development Group --

http://thegreenpowergroup.org -- is a unique partnership between WRI and over a

dozen commercial and industrial companies dedicated to building corporate

markets for green power. The Group seeks to develop 1,000 MW of new,

cost-competitive green power -- enough capacity to power 750,000 homes -- by

2010. Group members include Alcoa Inc., The Dow Chemical Company, DuPont, FedEx

Kinko's, General Motors, Georgia-Pacific, IBM, Interface, Johnson & Johnson,

NatureWorks LLC, Pitney Bowes, Staples and Starbucks.



http://www.usnewswire.com/



LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2006



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2006 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





