aa,PR Newswire US,20050808,11:00,332431
                              750 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                       August 8, 2005 Monday 3:00 PM GMT



GreenShift Completes Investment in Sterling Planet;

Company Leads the Nation in Retail Sales of Renewable Energy



LENGTH: 1200 words



DATELINE: MOUNT ARLINGTON, N.J. Aug. 8





MOUNT ARLINGTON, N.J., Aug. 8  /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- GreenShift Corporation

(OTC:GSHF) (BULLETIN BOARD: GSHF)  today announced the completion of its

investment in Sterling Planet, Inc., the nation's leading retail renewable

energy provider through the sourcing and sale of renewable energy certificates

("RECs").



RECs, or green tags, enable retail residential and non-residential consumers to

purchase green, or environmentally friendly, energy through their existing

utility and offset reliance on power generated from fossil fuel sources. RECs

represent all of the positive environmental attributes of renewable power

generation from sources such as solar, wind and organic bioenergy power and can

be purchased and used by consumers regardless of whether or not their local

utility has access to green power generation.



Sterling Planet, founded in 2000, was the first company to offer every U.S. home

and business a way to reduce the environmental impact of regular electricity

production.  Now Sterling Planet leads the way in retail sales of renewable

energy from the sun, wind, biomass, small hydro and other renewable technologies

produced domestically while stimulating local economies and creating jobs.



Sterling has sold over 2.33 billion kilowatt hours of renewable energy since its

inception, representing enough energy to power 214,300 homes for a full year or

taking over 283,000 cars off the roads which will offset 1,624,000 tons of

carbon dioxide. Sterling is also the nation's leader in partnering with electric

utilities and businesses to market or supply renewable energy. Currently,

Sterling has 26 utility partners nationwide in states such as Florida,

Massachusetts, New York, Connecticut, New Jersey and Rhode Island.



Sterling currently services an impressive array of clients including the 2004

Republican National Convention, the 2004 Democratic National Convention, Alcoa,

The Coca-Cola Company, DuPont, Delphi Corporation, Duke University, University

of Utah, Nike, Pitney Bowes, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the U.S.

General Services Administration, the Homeland Security Department, Western Area

Power Administration, New York State Energy Research and Development Authority

(NYSERDA), the U.S. Army, Staples, The Tower Companies, Whirlpool Corporation,

the World Resources Institute and over 150 other environmentally friendly

companies.



"This is a very exciting time for us," said Mel Jones, Sterling's president and

chief executive officer. "On the supply side, renewable energy presently

accounts for less than 2% of the nation's electricity supply and is expected to

grow significantly over the coming years. On the demand side, surveys indicate

that at least 70% of Americans favor renewable energy, and a 2003 University of

California at Berkeley survey showed that 44% are willing to pay an average of

$8 more per month for renewable energy. We believe that we are at the beginning

of a strong growth trend in our market and we are looking forward very much to

growing our company and providing our clients with valuable opportunities to

purchase renewable power."



Kevin Kreisler, GreenShift's chairman and chief executive officer, said that

"Sterling's business model is particularly attractive to us because we see it as

another example of a robust and profitable way to leverage profound

environmental gains out of incremental shifts forward. We believe that Sterling

will bring renewable energy to a great many people, businesses and government

institutions whose purchases will individually enable incremental gains but will

collectively catalyze quantum environmental gains. We are very excited to

include Sterling in our portfolio and we look forward to helping drive their

development in any way we can."



Under the terms of its agreement with Sterling, GreenShift is purchasing

$500,000 in 8% convertible notes in Sterling and another $500,000 in warrants

that will each convert into Sterling common stock upon the sooner of Sterling's

completion of a larger venture capital raise or December 31, 2005.



About GreenShift Corporation



GreenShift Corporation is a publicly traded business development company (BDC)

whose mission is to develop and support companies and technologies that

facilitate the efficient use of natural resources and catalyze transformational

environmental gains.



BDCs are regulated by the Investment Company Act of 1940 and are essentially

publicly-traded equity funds where shareholders and financial institutions

provide capital in a regulated environment for investment in a pool of

long-term, small and middle-market companies through the use of senior debt,

mezzanine financing, and equity funding.



GreenShift plans to use equity and debt capital to support and drive the value

of its existing portfolio of companies and to make investments in a diversified

mix of strategically compatible growth stage public and private businesses and

technologies. GreenShift's current portfolio includes investments in the

following environmentally proactive companies:



  * Veridium Corporation;

   * INSEQ Corporation;

   * GreenWorks Corporation;

   * GreenShift Industrial Design Corporation;

   * Coriolis Energy Corporation;

   * TDS (Telemedicine), Inc.;

   * Ethanol Oil Recovery Systems, Inc.; and,

   * Sterling Planet, Inc.







In addition, GreenShift hopes to add investments in wind power, hydropower,

practical centralized applications of hydrogen power, alternative fuels,

infrastructure and mining to its portfolio during 2005 and 2006.



Additional information regarding GreenShift Corporation is available online at

http://www.greenshift.com/ .



Safe Harbor Statement



This press release contains statements, which may constitute "forward- looking

statements" within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities

Exchange Act of 1934, as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act

of 1995. Those statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or

current expectations of GreenShift Corporation, and members of their management

as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based. Prospective

investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not

guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that

actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such

forward-looking statements. Important factors currently known to management that

could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-statements

include fluctuation of operating results, the ability to compete successfully

and the ability to complete before-mentioned transactions. The company

undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to

reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes

to future operating results.



CONTACT:  Jim Grainer, President and Chief Financial Officer of

GreenShift Corporation, +1-973-398-8183, Fax: +1-973-398-8037,

 investorrelations@greenshift.com ; or Michael Cimini, +1-212-896-1233,

 mcimini@kcsa.com , or Garth Russell, +1-212-896-1250,  grussell@kcsa.com , both



of KCSA Worldwide for GreenShift Corporation



Web site:  http://www.greenshift.com/



SOURCE GreenShift Corporation



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





