aa,PR Newswire,20100329,8:00,331997
                              316 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       March 29, 2010 Monday 8:00 AM EST



David Cohen to Join Centerview;

Veteran investment banker brings more than 20 years of high level strategic

advisory experience to leading investment banking boutique



LENGTH: 906 words



DATELINE: NEW YORK, March 29





NEW YORK, March 29 /PRNewswire/ -- Centerview Partners announced that David M.

Cohen, a highly respected relationship and M&A banker, is joining the firm's New

York office as a Partner. Mr. Cohen will be primarily responsible for continuing

to build the firm's General Industrial and Financial Sponsor practices. Mr.

Cohen's appointment comes as Centerview continues to expand its high level

strategic advisory capabilities to cover a broad range of top publicly-traded

and private companies.



"We're pleased to have someone of David's caliber on board. In the past few

years, we have been focused on building up Centerview and hiring the best people

who can provide unique, creative and trustworthy insights to senior managements

and Boards of Directors. We are another step closer to our goal of becoming

strategic counsel to companies across all industry sectors," said Robert Pruzan,

a founding partner at Centerview.



Mr. Cohen brings more than 20 years of investment banking and private equity

experience to the partnership. He spent more than 13 years at JPMorgan Chase

where he held various senior level positions. Mr. Cohen served as Managing

Director and the Global Head of the Industrials Group at JPMorgan Securities and

also served as a Co-Head of the North America M&A Group at the bank. In both

roles, Mr. Cohen helped start and build the businesses into industry leading

positions. Most recently, he was Managing Director of the bank's private equity

arm, One Equity Partners (OEP). In that role, he was responsible for originating

investment opportunities for the division and monitoring and advising a

portfolio of companies on their expansion and capital markets activities. Prior

to working at JPMorgan Chase, Mr. Cohen co-headed S.G. Warburg's M&A practice.

Earlier in his career, he worked in M&A and high-yield financing at Wasserstein

Perella & Co. and as a management consultant for Bain & Company.



"Centerview's success has been anchored on building long-term relationships with

clients, being with them every step of the way, and showcasing deep knowledge

and versatility at every stage of a company's growth, particularly in the most

complex merger and capital advisory situations. I am excited to be a part of

this talented and experienced team," said Mr. Cohen.



"Our goal is to prudently expand our practice with partners who share our goal

of collaborating with our clients over the long-term to advise in the most

complex and strategic corporate and financial matters. David's experience,

expertise, and commitment to helping us build a culture of excellence makes him

an ideal colleague for us," said Blair Effron, a founding partner of Centerview.



Selected notable transactions in which Mr. Cohen has been a senior advisor

include Alcan's takeover defense from Alcoa and its ultimate $38 billion sale to

Rio Tinto, General Electric's $3.8 billion sale of GE Advanced Materials to

Apollo Management, Cendant's $20 billion reorganization plan, and News Corp.'s

exchange of its Direct TV interest with Liberty Media, as well as other

transactions for the media company.



About David M. Cohen



David M. Cohen will join as a Partner at Centerview. He brings more than 20

years of investment banking and private equity experience to the firm. Prior to

joining Centerview, Mr. Cohen spent more than 13 years at JPMorgan Chase where

he held various senior level positions. Mr. Cohen served as Managing Director

and the Global Head of the Industrials Group at JPMorgan Securities and also

served as a Co-Head of the North America M&A Group at the bank. Most recently,

he was a Managing Director of the bank's private equity arm, One Equity Partners

(OEP). In that role, he was responsible for originating investment opportunities

for the division and monitoring and advising a portfolio of companies on their

expansion and capital markets activities.



Prior to joining JPMorgan Chase, Mr. Cohen was Co-Head of M&A at S.G. Warburg

from 1993 to 1996. Earlier in his career, he worked in M&A and high-yield

financing at Wasserstein Perella & Co. and as a management consultant for Bain &

Company.



Mr. Cohen earned an MBA with distinction from the Wharton School of Business at

the University of Pennsylvania and graduated summa cum laude with a BA in

Economics from Duke University. He has served on the boards of

Pennsylvania-based outsourcing company NCO Group, Inc. and X-Rite, a technology

company in Michigan. He is a member of Duke University's Trinity College Board

of Visitors.



About Centerview Partners



Centerview Partners, with offices in New York, San Francisco and London,

operates an international investment banking advisory practice and a private

equity business. The advisory business specializes in independent advice and

other client services capitalizing on the experience of its principals. The firm

provides senior-level counsel to both domestic and international clients. Since

its founding in 2006, the firm has advised clients in over $350 billion of

transactions. Members of the firm have experience in a range of industries

including the consumer products, financial services, food and beverage,

entertainment and media, healthcare, technology, general industrial and retail

sectors. The private equity business has an operational excellence focus and

targets its investments in consumer-oriented industries.



Contact: April Emspak, 212-333-3810



SOURCE Centerview Partners







CONTACT:April Emspak, +1-212-333-3810



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2010



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2010 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





