aa,PR Newswire,20080523,11:00,332187
                              506 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                        May 23, 2008 Friday 3:00 PM GMT



Alcoa Launches Water Safety Campaign, Urges Boaters to Always Wear a Life

Jacket;

NORTH CAROLINA RANKS SIXTH NATIONALLY IN BOATING FATALITIES



LENGTH: 778 words



DATELINE: HIGH ROCK LAKE, N.C. May 23





HIGH ROCK LAKE, N.C., May 23 /PRNewswire/ -- With the start of the summer

recreation season beginning this weekend, Alcoa joined forces with local law

enforcement officers at High Rock Lake today to stress the importance of water

and boating safety.



"Accidents can happen in an instant. When they do, there's little or no time to

react. Your decision to wear a life jacket - instead of stowing under a seat --

could mean the difference between life and death," said Tommy Gibson, an Alcoa

community relations manager. "We encourage everyone who visits the lakes this

summer to play it safe and always wear a life jacket."



Statistics from the U.S. Coast Guard show that 24 people in North Carolina died

in boating accidents during 2006, a 41 increase from 2005. Nationwide, 710

people died in boating accidents, nearly two-thirds of whom were not wearing a

life jacket and drowned.



NEW COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEM WILL FACILITATE COMMUNICATIONS



This year, law enforcement officials will have another valuable tool when

responding to emergencies on the lake.



A new long-range communications system, purchased with a grant from the Alcoa

Foundation, will facilitate better communications between various agencies

patrolling the lakes, including the NC Wildlife Resources Commission, the U.S.

Coast Guard Auxiliary and local law enforcement agencies.



The improved system allows direct communication between officers with the NC

Wildlife Resources Commission and the U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary, and provides a

faster way for those officials to be contacted by local police and rescue

squads. Communication is now possible between law enforcement all across the

lake and even between different lakes in the region.



"This new communications system will be a tremendous help during emergency

situations," said Dick Fisher, U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary. "It's important that

those of us patrolling the lakes can share information quickly. This new system

will help us do that."



WATER SAFETY CAMPAIGN FEATURES GROCERY BAGS, SAFETY WHISTLES



The water safety campaign will promote the message, "Play it Safe on the Lakes.

Always wear a life jacket," through a combination of traditional advertising and

unconventional promotions.



  The "Play it Safe" message will be delivered through:



  -- Newspaper ads, radio ads and a billboard on Highway 8

  -- Signage featuring water safety tips (in English and Spanish) will be

     posted at all public swim areas and boat access areas

  -- Printed grocery bags that will be distributed to marinas and

     convenience stores around the Yadkin lakes

  -- Safety whistles that will be provided to local law enforcement officers

     to distribute to boaters









The campaign kickoff featured water and boating safety advice from the N.C.

Wildlife Resources Commission, the U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary and local law

enforcement officials from Davidson, Montgomery, Rowan and Stanly County.



NATIONAL SAFE BOATING WEEK



This week is National Safe Boating Week (May 17-23) and marks the launch of the

annual North American Safe Boating Campaign, sponsored by the National Safe

Boating Council.



"If you think about it, a modern life jacket is a lot less restrictive than the

automobile lap and shoulder belt most of us wear without a second thought," says

Virgil Chambers, executive director of the National Safe Boating Council, an

umbrella group representing boating safety advocates throughout North America.

"But if you happen to be involved in a boating accident, you'll be very glad

it's on."



For more information, visit http://www.safeboatingcampaign.net/ or

http://www.boatingsidekicks.com/ .



  WATER SAFETY GUIDELINES



  -- Never swim alone

  -- Stay in designated swim areas

  -- Always keep a close eye on children and inexperienced swimmers

  -- Do not swim after drinking alcohol

  -- Watch for severe weather





  BOATING SAFETY GUIDELINES



  -- Always wear a life jacket

  -- North Carolina law requires children under 13 to wear an approved life

     jacket

  -- Tell someone where you are boating and when you will return

  -- Do not operate a boat after drinking alcohol

  -- Watch for severe weather





  ABOUT ALCOA-YADKIN





For nearly a century, Alcoa-Yadkin has operated four hydroelectric dams and

reservoirs along a 38-mile stretch of the Yadkin River as a source of economic,

environmentally-friendly power. The project includes four reservoirs - High

Rock, Tuckertown, Narrows (Badin Lake) and Falls -- that offer a variety of

recreation opportunities and provide important habitat for plants, fish and

wildlife.



CONTACT: Robert Brown, +1-919-810-1901, robert@rbpr.com , for

Alcoa-Yadkin



Web site: http://www.safeboatingcampaign.net/

 http://www.boatingsidekicks.com/



SOURCE Alcoa-Yadkin



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2008



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





