aa,PR Newswire,20120420,7:00,331780
                              99 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                       April 20, 2012 Friday 7:00 AM EST



Freundlich Supply Company to Receive AS-9100 Rev. C Certification;

Among First U.S.-Based Distributors to be Registered



LENGTH: 570 words



DATELINE: STATEN ISLAND, N.Y., April 20, 2012





FREUNDLICH SUPPLY CO., a subsidiary of Precision Aerospace Components, Inc., is

among the first U.S. based fastener distributors to receive AS-9100 Rev. C

certification. This achievement is another significant milestone in Freundlich's

70+-year-history of supplying high quality fasteners to Government, aerospace

and industrial markets.



"We work hard to fine tune our processes and quality management system. By doing

so, we emphasize our commitment for continuous improvement in all areas of the

business," said Bob Serabin, Freundlich's General Manager. Underscoring this,

Andrew Prince, CEO of Precision Aerospace Components, said, "We are pleased that

Precision Aerospace Components and its subsidiaries: FREUNDLICH SUPPLY CO. and

Tiger-Tight Corp meet these standards, because it assures our customers that the

products we supply will also meet or exceed their expectations for quality and

performance."



About AS9100:2009 Revision C:



AS9100:2009 Revision C is a robust assessment of a company's internal processes.

It focuses on supplier management, on-time delivery, product conformity and risk

management. It was prepared by the International (Americas, Europe, and

Asia-Pacific) Aerospace Quality Group (IAQG) representing a broadly supported

cooperative organization formed to make significant quality improvements and

cost reductions throughout the value stream. Among the various stakeholders are:

civil aviation authorities, defense and space industry and authorities,

certification/registration bodies, trade associations and IAQG member companies

(e.g. Boeing, Airbus, Bell, Bombardier).



About Precision Aerospace Components, Inc.:



Precision Aerospace Components' vision is to build a leading aerospace

component, fabrication and service business. Management plans to grow the

company through a combination of product line expansions and strategic

acquisitions. More details are available on its website:

http://www.precaeroinc.com



About Freundlich Supply Company, Inc.:



Freundlich has been serving the aerospace and industrial markets since 1940,

with quality products manufactured by Alcoa, Maclean Esna, SPS Technologies,

Abbott Interfast, Bristol, Greer, MRL and other Government approved QPL (Quality

Products Listing) suppliers. All products are lot traceable with manufacturer

certifications and physical and chemical test reports on file. The company

includes its inventory list of approximately 6,000 SKUs and its e-commerce

on-line catalogue on its website: http://www.fresupco.com



About Tiger-Tight Corp:



Tiger-Tight is the North American master distributor of Tiger-Tight Friction

Washers. Tiger-Tight washers promote safe, effective bolted joints under static

and dynamic load conditions by distributing the pre-load and resisting loosening

from external transverse loads. Its patented coating features industrial

diamonds embedded in an electro-less nickel matrix that penetrate and interlock

with the mating surfaces to create an extremely high retaining force and prevent

joint relaxation. Additional product information is available on its website:

www.tigertight.com



LOGO 72dpi: Send2Press.com/mediaboom/12-0420-fsuppco_72dpi.jpg



This release was issued on behalf of the above organization by Send2Press(R), a

unit of Neotrope(R). http://www.Send2Press.com



SOURCE Freundlich Supply Company







CONTACT:Robert Serabin of Freundlich Supply Company, +1-718-356-1500, fax,

+1-718-356-3661, bserabin@fresupco.com



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2012



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                   Copyright 2012 PR Newswire Association LLC

                              All Rights Reserved





