
                              848 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                  PR Newswire



                          February 11, 2004 Wednesday



MORNING UPDATE: Man Securities Issues Alerts for GE, CMCSA, AA, FOX, And QLTI



SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS



LENGTH: 1223 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO Feb. 11





Man Securities issues the following Morning Update at 8:30 AM EST with new

PriceWatch Alerts for key stocks.



(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20020214/MANSECLOGO )



Before the open... PriceWatch Alerts for GE, CMCSA, AA, FOX, and QLTI, Market

Overview, Today's Economic Calendar, and the Quote Of The Day.



QUOTE OF THE DAY



"I think the past few weeks have shown resilience in the market. Volume is a

little low, though, and I would probably want to wait for the big money to come

in before making any big moves."



-- Russ Koesterich, U.S. equity strategist, State Street Corp



New PriceWatch Alerts for GE, CMCSA, AA, FOX, and QLTI...



PRICEWATCH ALERTS - HIGH RETURN COVERED CALL OPTIONS -----------



-- General Electric Co. (NYSE: GE)

 Last Price 32.50 - JUN 32.50 CALL OPTION@ $1.55 -> 5 % Return assigned*



-- Comcast Corp. Class A (Nasdaq: CMCSA)

 Last Price 33.93 - APR 35.00 CALL OPTION@ $1.10 -> 6.6 % Return

 assigned*



-- Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA)

 Last Price 35.54 - APR 35.00 CALL OPTION@ $2.10 -> 4.7 % Return

 assigned*



-- Fox Entertainment Group Inc. (NYSE: FOX)

 Last Price 30.99 - APR 32.50 CALL OPTION@ $0.90 -> 8 % Return assigned*



-- QLT Inc. (Nasdaq: QLTI)

 Last Price 23.46 - MAR 22.50 CALL OPTION@ $2.20 -> 5.8 % Return

 assigned*



* To learn more about how to use these alerts and for our FREE report, "The 18

Warning Signs That Tell You When To Dump A Stock ", go to:

www.investorsobserver.com/mu18



(Note: You may need to copy the link above into your browser then press the

$(ENTER$) key)



** For the FREE report, "The Secrets of Smart Election Year Investing -

Insights, Stocks, And Strategies." go to: www.InvestorsObserver.com/FREEelection



NOTE: All stocks and options shown are examples only. These are not

recommendations to buy or sell any security.



MARKET OVERVIEW



Overseas markets are performing reasonably well as 11 of the 14 actively traded

markets are positive. The Nikkei is closed for a government holiday. The

cumulative average return on the 14 remaining bourses stands at a positive 0.203

percent. The "Claimant Count" of unemployment in the United Kingdom took its

largest single monthly decline since June 2001, dropping by 13,400 in January.

January's decline follows a revised 11,000 decline in December and lowered the

jobless rate to 2.9 percent from the prior month's 3.0 percent. The results were

a positive surprise to analysts looking for a 5500 decline in unemployed and a

jobless rate holding steady at 3.0 percent.



Before the market open today, the Mortgage Banker's Association (MBA)

Refinancing Index will be released. In the prior week the index slipped by 1.4

percent. At 11:00 a.m., Fed Chairman Greenspan delivers his required semi-annual

fed policy report to the House Financial Services committee in Washington. Now,

while his remarks may be of the usual well-crafted variety, the question and

answer period immediate following typically is not so structured. This could

introduce a certain degree of volatility into today's session. At noon, the

December Chicago Fed Midwest Manufacturing Index is scheduled for release. In

November the index was in contraction mode at minus 2.6 percent. Merger and

acquisition news may impact the markets today as cable TV operator Comcast has

taken the bold step to acquire Walt Disney in a $66 billion bid. From what is

already out on the news wires, it appears that CMCSK is offering 0.78 of its

class "A" shares for each DIS share. Based upon yesterday's closing prices this

would value each DIS share at 26.46, which is a 9.88 percent premium on

yesterday's close.



Be prepared for the investing week ahead with Bernie Schaeffer's FREE Monday

Morning Outlook. For more details and to sign up, go to:

http://www.investorsobserver.com/freemo



DYNAMIC MARKET OPPORTUNITIES



In an alert to his Red Zone VIP traders, respected financial analyst Christian

DeHaemer just gave his verdict on where the Nasdaq market is headed in the

short-term. According to DeHaemer, "The Nasdaq is in a transitional phase. Last

Friday's big surge followed by Monday's action tells me exactly nothing. The

Nasdaq chart has filled the gap. The fact that earnings season is over and the

Fed is contemplating raising interest rates has me leaning into the short-term

bearish camp -- particularly if we have a doji candle formation. That said

however, there are 572 companies with bullish engulfing patterns, compared to

128 companies with bearish engulfing patterns. That would suggest we are going

up. Ergo, we are at a crossroads. I must have more data before I can

aggressively pursue a trading course." However, the astute DeHaemer still

manages to take advantage. Not only has he caught the nanotechnology trend

perfectly, but he's also riding a successful option call on H&R Block. With the

stock just hitting a new 52-week high (a bullish signal), DeHaemer is up 41%

since February 2.



For a free daily e-letter featuring DeHaemer, plus a network of other financial

experts, incisive economic/market commentary and much more, simply follow this

link: http://www.investorsobserver.com/agora2



TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR



7:00 a.m.: MBA Refinancing Index (last minus 1.4 percent).



    11:00 a.m.: Fed Chairman Greenspan delivers semi-annual fed policy report

                to the House Financial Services committee in Washington.





    12:00 p.m.: December Chicago Fed Midwest Manufacturing Index (last minus

                2.6 percent).





Man Financial Inc is one of the world's major futures and options brokers and

has been recognized as a leading option order execution firm for individuals and

institutions. Member CBOE/NASD/SIPC (CRD6731). For more information and a free

CD with educational tools to help you invest smarter, see

www.investorsobserver.com/mancd



This Morning Update was prepared with data and information provided by:



InvestorsObserver.com - Better Strategies for Making Money -> For Investors With

a Sense of Humor. Only $1 for your first month plus seven free bonuses worth

over $420, see: www.investorsobserver.com/must



247profits.com: You'll get exclusive financial commentary, access to a global

network of experts and undiscovered stock alerts. Register NOW for the FREE

247profits e-Dispatch. Go to: www.investorsobserver.com/agora



Schaeffer's Investment Research - Sign up for your FREE e-weekly, Monday Morning

Outlook, Bernie Schaeffer's look ahead at the markets. Sign Up Now

http://www.investorsobserver.com/freemo



PowerOptionsPlus - The Best Way To Find, Compare, Analyze, and Make Money On

Options Investments. For a 14-Day FREE trial and 5 FREE bonuses go to:

www.PowerOptionsPlus.com



All stocks and options shown are examples only. These are not recommendations to

buy or sell any security and they do not represent in any way a positive or

negative outlook for any security. Potential returns do not take into account

your trade size, brokerage commissions or taxes which will affect actual

investment returns. Stocks and options involve risk and are not suitable for all

investors and investing in options carries substantial risk. Prior to buying or

selling options, a person must receive a copy of Characteristics and Risks of

Standardized Options available from Sharon at 800-837-6212 or at

http://www.cboe.com/Resources/Intro.asp. Privacy policy available upon request.



SOURCE Man Securities



CONTACT: Michael Lavelle of Man Securities, +1-800-837-6212



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2004



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS EDITOR



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2004 PR Newswire Association, Inc.





