aa,PR Newswire US,20050623,9:47,332439
                              758 of 858 DOCUMENTS





                                 PR Newswire US



                      June 23, 2005 Thursday 01:47 PM GMT



MORNING UPDATE: Mankus-Lavelle Group issues alerts for CSCO, ATYT, OPWV, BBBY,

and ZMH



LENGTH: 1550 words



DATELINE: CHICAGO June 23





CHICAGO, June 23  /PRNewswire/ -- Mankus-Lavelle Group issues the following

Morning Update at 8:30 AM EDT with new PriceWatch Alerts for key stocks.



Before the open... PriceWatch Alerts for CSCO, ATYT, OPWV, BBBY, and ZMH, Market

Overview, Today's Economic Calendar, and the Quote Of The Day.



  QUOTE OF THE DAY

   "Climate change is real, there is now strong evidence that climate change

   is growing."

   -- John McCain, US Senator.



   New PriceWatch Alerts for CSCO, ATYT, OPWV, BBBY, and ZMH...



   PRICEWATCH ALERTS -- HIGH RETURN COVERED CALL OPTIONS -----------

   -- Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO)

   Last Price 19.80 -- OCT 20.00 CALL OPTION@ $0.90 -> 5.8 % Return assigned*

   -- ATI Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATYT)

   Last Price 12.78 -- AUG 12.50 CALL OPTION@ $0.90 -> 5.2 % Return assigned*

   -- Openwave Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:OPWV)

   Last Price 17.70 -- AUG 17.50 CALL OPTION@ $1.25 -> 6.4 % Return assigned*

   -- Bed Bath & Beyond, Inc. (NASDAQ:BBBY)

   Last Price 44.37 -- JUL 45.00 CALL OPTION@ $1.25 -> 4.4 % Return assigned*

   -- Zimmer Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ZMH)

   Last Price 76.29 -- SEP 75.00 CALL OPTION@ $4.60 -> 4.6 % Return assigned*







* To learn more about how to use these alerts and for our FREE report, "The 18

Warning Signs That Tell You When To Dump A Stock", go to:

http://www.investorsobserver.com/mu18



(Note: You may need to copy the link above into your browser then press the

[ENTER] key)



** FREE Access to the Market Intelligence Center where you will find the news,

insight and intelligence that can make a difference in the way you invest, go

to:  http://www.investorsobserver.com/FreeMIC



NOTE: All stocks and options shown are examples only.  These are not

recommendations to buy or sell any security.



NEWS LEADERS AND LAGGARDS



So far today, ATI Technologies, Abbott Laboratories, and Family Dollar Stores

lead the list of companies with the most news stories while Bed Bath & Beyond

and New Century Financial Corp are showing a spike in news.  Sanofi- Aventis,

Alcoa, and Microsoft have the highest srtIndex scores to top the list of

companies with positive news while General Motors and Gannett Co lead the list

of companies with negative news reports.  General Electric has popped up with a

high positive news sraIndex score.



For the FREE article titled, ''Earnings Season Decoded -- An Essential 15 Point

Checklist For Finding Winning Stocks.'' go to:

http://www.wallstreetsecretsplus.com/go/freemu/



MARKET OVERVIEW



Overseas markets are faring well for the third day in a row this week, as 13 of

the 15 foreign indices that we track are currently in positive territory.  The

average return for the collective stood at 0.248 in early trading this morning.

In Europe, automakers were rebounding somewhat after yesterday's rather nasty

sell off.  Furthermore, semiconductors received a boost after Infineon

Technologies announced that it is considering spinning off its DRAM memory chip

unit for a possible initial public offering later this year.  Asian markets were

also better off, as Japanese economic activity in April rose 1.7 percent from

March, according to the Ministry of Economy, Trade, and Industry. The rise

bested the 1.4-percent gain expected by economists.



Futures are trading mixed this morning, as crude futures have regrouped and

begun to march higher once again.  The August contract gained 13 cents to $58.22

in early trading after plunging nearly two percent yesterday. Elsewhere in the

oil pits, CNOOC, China's biggest offshore oil company, officially launched a

takeover bid for Unocal last night.  CNOOC is offering $18.5 billion for Unocal,

easily topping Chevron's current bid for the oil concern.



Be prepared for the investing week ahead with Bernie Schaeffer's FREE Monday

Morning Outlook.  For more details and to sign up, go to:

http://www.investorsobserver.com/freemo



DYNAMIC MARKET OPPORTUNITIES



Brit Ryle, financial writer and investment expert with the 247profits group, is

on record with a forecast that says the US Federal Reserve will increase

interest rates to 3.5%.  With current rates at 3%, that means the Fed should

pause in the very near future.  Ryle is in good company.  Global bond fund guru

Bill Gross of PIMCO bond funds has also said that the Fed can't risk going

higher than 3.5%.  In addition, Gross sees the potential for rate cuts early

next year. While the idea of a rate cut is debatable at this point, it could

happen if oil prices remain prohibitively high.  One institution that is

pondering an interest rate cut, however, is the Bank of England.  Minutes from

the bankers' June meeting show that this could be a possibility.  Two of the

nine-member panel -- Marian Bell and Charles Bean voted for a rate cut. However,

all seven other members voted for ''no change.''  The shift in thinking from

Bell and Bean comes after an 8-1 "no change" vote in May, with the one exception

suggesting a rate increase.  It also comes amid signs of a notable slowdown in

consumer spending and poor retail sales, as well as a long-awaited cooling in

the housing sector that is further eroding consumer confidence.  But the two

were outvoted by the others, who argued that more evidence was needed before the

bank reverses the rate hiking trend it started in November 2003 and ended in

August 2004, five hikes and with rates 1.25% higher at 4.75%.  But with little

sign of a rebound in consumer spending and with the housing market gradually

sliding from its peak, some are now projecting a rate cut by the end of the

summer.



Read more analysis from the 247Profits Group every trading day with the FREE

247Profits e-Dispatch, featuring insightful economic commentary, profitable

investment recommendations, and full access to a leading team of financial

experts.  Register for free here:  http://www.247profits.com/enter.html



  TODAY'S ECONOMIC CALENDAR

   8:30 AM    June 18 Initial Jobless Claims

   10:00 AM   June 11 DJ-BTM Business Barometer

   10:00 AM   May exist Home Sales

   4:30 PM    June 18 Money Supply









The Mankus-Lavelle Group is an independent brokerage branch of brokersXpress,

LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of optionsXpress Holdings, Inc. The

Mankus-Lavelle Group has some of the most experienced, respected options

professionals in the industry.  Both novice option investors and experienced

traders are attracted to MLG.  Less experienced investors appreciate Mankus-

Lavelle Group's friendly expert guidance while more seasoned investors value

Mankus-Lavelle Group's highly trained staff of option experts.  To improve your

understanding of options get a free option kit at:  http://www.mlgos.com/  .



If you are familiar with stock investing but not sure what options can do for

you, call 1-800-230-5570 for a FREE 3-point portfolio check up.



Securities offered through brokersXpress, LLC  Member NASD/SPIC. Corporate

Office:  39 South LaSalle Street, Suite 220, Chicago, Illinois 60603-1608



brokersXpress(SM) is the online broker-dealer for independent reps and advisors.

Powered by the award-winning technology of optionsXpress(R), its parent company,

brokersXpress provides a leading-edge trading platform particularly powerful for

reps and advisors who employ option strategies.  For more information on how

partnering with brokersXpress can empower your business to new levels, contact

us confidentially by e-mail at  independence@brokersXpress.com  .  Member

NASD/SPIC.  CRD# 127081



This Morning Update was prepared with data and information provided by:



InvestorsObserver.com -- Better Strategies for Making Money -> For Investors

With a Sense of Humor.  Only $1 for your first month plus seven free bonuses

worth over $420, see:   http://www.investorsobserver.com/must



Quote.com QCharts -- Real time quotes and streaming technical charts to keep you

up with the market.  Analyze, predict, and stay ahead.  For a Free 30 day trial,

go to:  http://www.investorsobserver.com/MUQuote2



247profits.com -- You'll get exclusive financial commentary, access to a global

network of experts and undiscovered stock alerts.  Register NOW for the FREE

247profits e-Dispatch. Go to:   http://www.investorsobserver.com/TPA



Schaeffer's Investment Research -- Sign up for your FREE e-weekly, Monday

Morning Outlook, Bernie Schaeffer's look ahead at the markets. Sign Up Now

http://www.investorsobserver.com/freemo



PowerOptionsPlus -- The Best Way To Find, Compare, Analyze, and Make Money On

Options Investments.  For a 14-Day FREE trial and 5 FREE bonuses go to:

http://www.investorsobserver.com/poweropt



All stocks and options shown are examples only.  These are not recommendations

to buy or sell any security and they do not represent in any way a positive or

negative outlook for any security.  Potential returns do not take into account

your trade size, brokerage commissions or taxes which will affect actual

investment returns.  Stocks and options involve risk and are not suitable for

all investors and investing in options carries substantial risk. Prior to buying

or selling options, a person must receive a copy of Characteristics and Risks of

Standardized Options available from Michael at 800-230-5570 or at

http://www.cboe.com/Resources/Intro.asp  .  Privacy policy available upon

request.



CONTACT:  Mike Lavelle, of Mankus-Lavelle Group, +1-800-230-5570



Web site:   http://www.mlgos.com/



SOURCE Mankus-Lavelle Group



URL: http://www.prnewswire.com



LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2005



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire





                  Copyright 2005 PR Newswire Association LLC.

                              All Rights Reserved.





